Announcement: r/Politics is moving to a whitelist domain submission model - please read
Saturday Political Cartoon Thread
Pence under scrutiny for using campaign lawyers to hide emails in Indiana
Trump Caught on Video Playing Golf When He Claimed He Was Working and Stuff
White supremacy week at the White House: Even by Trump standards, the racism was dialed to 11
Al Gore to Bill Maher: 'It's time to get rid of the electoral college'
The Russia investigation is getting serious — and President Trump is feeling the heat
'Barack Obama Day' Is Now an Illinois Holiday
Column: If Donald Trump were an immigrant, he'd probably be deported
Meet the Democrats Running on Single-Payer Health Care
MIke Pence Preparing 2020 Election Run Against ‘Weak’ Trump? Vice-Presidents Team Denies Explosive Claim
How Anthony Scaramucci rose to the top of Wall Street, sold his company, tanked his marriage, and traded it all for a wild 10 days in Trump's White House
Donald Trump won the election, and we don’t know whether he colluded — but he’s not a legitimate president
Tillerson, Russian foreign minister meet in Manila: interfax
Trump Sends Anonymous Official to Defend Vacation And Hide Golf Games
U.S. Prepared to Launch ‘Preventive War’ Against North Korea, Says H.R. McMaster
Trump relatively quiet on opioid crisis, despite campaign vows
'Improvised explosive device' behind Minnesota mosque blast, FBI says
Fox News host Eric Bolling suspended over 'lewd messages'
White House Tries To Shut Down Speculation That Mike Pence Is Preparing For 2020 Run
Warren: 'I am not running for president, I'm doing my work'
Trump presidency is destroying marriages across the country
How Trump's FCC aided Sinclair's expansion
Why Won’t Media Outlets Report Mosque Bombings As Deliberate Terrorism
Mueller requests White House records on Flynn: NYT
Dean Heller’s Reward for Caving to Trump on Health Care? $1 Million From Mitch McConnell.
McCain: Republicans 'see weakness' in Trump
GOP debates deep cut to corporate tax rate
How Randy Bryce, the Iron Stache, Plans to Take Down Paul Ryan
Donald Trump broke an obscure but important rule when he bragged about US jobs report
Donald Trump: A 71-year-old Man Who Needs A Military General To Manage His Twitter Use
"This is not a vacation": Trump kicks off 17-day trip with tweets, golf
Dear Liberals, Ivanka Trump Was Never Your Ally
Why Trump Invokes ‘Common Sense’ It serves as a justification for his policies and as an antidote to expert opinion.
House GOP staffers fly to London to find Steele, invite to testify expected
Trump administration stirs alarm over voter purges
'We're coming for you': NRA attacks New York Times in provocative video
Schiff: Russia probe 'moving into new phase' with grand jury
“We’ve never seen this before”: Canada struggles to deal with “intense” influx of asylum seekers from U.S.
Donald Trump has a sickening fetish for cruelty
Double standard decried as Minnesota mosque bombed
Maker of Clinton Sting Video Broke Campaign Law, FEC Says
Imagine if Hillary Clinton behaved as Donald Trump has
Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks prompt strong reaction in New Hampshire
Germany's Martin Schulz Says Trump 'Far Worse' Than Expected
National Butterfly Center Founder: Trump’s Border Wall Prep ‘Trampling on Private Property Rights’
Dems face fundamental problem in Texas: Getting people to vote
The officers of the Buffalo Police Department went more than four years and 2 million calls without a fatal shooting. What did they do right?
Flake: I wish GOP had stood up to birtherism
Trump is reportedly considering hardline nationalist Stephen Miller for White House communications director
Trump claims New Jersey getaway is 'not a vacation.'
Conway, ABC host tangle over Trump's involvement in son's statement
The Trump Administration Just Dealt a Big Setback to Affordable Housing
Norman Lear, Kennedy Center Honoree, To Skip White House Reception In Protest
White House warns ‘potentially ambitious’ Republicans about 2020
Mueller, Trump, Russia: Your Weekend Briefing
These Americans beat Donald Trump and saved Obamacare. They say they can do it again
Nearly 50 Senators Want to Make It a Felony to Boycott Israel
Black people aren’t keeping white Americans out of college. Rich people are.
Jeff Flake: Trump calling lawmakers 'clowns and losers' isn't presidential
White House ‘Enemies List’ Drove McMaster-Bannon Feud
Republicans are quietly positioning themselves to challenge Trump in 2020
Stop the FCC and Investigate AT&amp;T, Verizon, Et Al.
Trump losing ground with his base
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
It’s Officially Barack Obama Day In Illinois
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
Trump now has the votes to feed U.S. fracking frenzy with new gas pipelines
Vice President Mike Pence to Headline Koch Summit
Strong reaction in New Hampshire to Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks
In Trumpcare's Demise, Public Option Emerges Ahead Of 2018 Elections
Donald Trump Is Proposing Massive Funding Cuts for Toxic Waste Cleanup
Greed is not good: Will the Trump team disasters finally put an end to the businessman myth?
Sessions Put Together a Task Force to Justify Cracking Down on Legal Marijuana. It Said Things Should Stay the Same.
Mike Pence Just Turned Over His Personal Emails, but Trump Is Still Focused on Hillary Clinton
Federal employees step up defiance of Trump
FBI: 'Improvised explosive device' caused blast at Bloomington Islamic center
Rosenstein Says Trump Russia Probe Is Not a ‘Fishing Expedition’
Republicans Plot 2020 Election Plans To Throw Trump Under the Bus
Insana: Thank global growth for Dow 22,000, not Trump
Bill de Blasio Will Push for Tax on Wealthy to Fix Subway
Bernie Sanders writing teen guide to political revolution
Rosenstein: We're after the leakers, not the journalists
Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak says he and Michael Flynn discussed 'simple things'
Clinton chief of staff compares Trump White House 'chaos' to television 'telenovelas'
Why Is Donald Trump Still So Horribly Witless About the World?
LGBTQ Suicide Hotline Calls from Transgender Youth Spike Under Trump
Former Mexican president mocks Donald Trump over golf holiday: 'If you're not happy with job, just leave'
Minnesota mosque attacked, bomb thrown through window, police say
ACLU Sounds Alarm Over Trump Administration’s ‘Threat’ To Free Speech
Civil rights group says it will sue Trump admin over transgender military ban
Trump's Support Among White Voters Plummeted And His Approval Rating Sunk
Israel to American Jews: You Just Don’t Matter
Report breaks down how much Congressmen are getting from Pharma PACs
Rosenstein: Impaneling grand jury doesn't say anything about likelihood of indictments
Donald Trump's 17-day break 'not a vacation', US President insists.
New Sexual Harassment Allegations Leveled Against Fox News’ Eric Bolling. The accusations came just hours after the network announced it had suspended Bolling.
Eric Bolling suspended from Fox News after allegations of lewd texting
The Mooch's replacement could be Stephen Miller
The Yakima Terror: Ninety years ago in Washington, a wave of anti-immigrant sentiment resulted in horror for Filipinos.
‘This is like medicine to him’: why Trump still needs the love of the crowd
Rosenstein: Trump has not ordered investigation of 'particular people'
Nitish kumar quits as chief minister of bihar
China is our enemy, not Pakistan: Mulayam Singh Yadav in Parliament
finally a plane landed after 37 years
Demonetisation
School Teachers Can’t Wear T-Shirts, Chew Pan Or Use Phone Unnecessarily, Orders UP CM Yogi ~ NonStop Masala
After Result Reaction /Sarcastic/
PM Modi says a donkey is inspirational
BJP Goa announces 21 shortlisted candidates
Kill them all: The Art of Genocide
dirty politics!!
TIME Person of the Year Poll Results: Narendra Modi Wins
Black money
Can Pakistan or anyone not print the fake currency notes of new ₹2000 and ₹500....????
Dirty Politics
Indian citizen arrested for controversial FB posts on PM Modi, RSS leaders
Twitteratis hail Indian Army, Modi for surgical strikes
What gave rise to the Kaveri River Dispute
15 August 2016 Independence Day in India, Share and Celebrate...
List of Chief Ministers in India
Srinagar school in trouble for ‘banning’ Islamic dress
Does Bangladeshi People hate Indians?
Are you with Modi's - 'congress mukt bharat'
JNU Student logic
(NEW!) Big Fat White Whore Fucks And Sucks Big Black Dick In Hotel IzHfQf0r
स्मृति इरानी ने संसद में हेट स्पीच दिया है : जेएऩयू मामले का आरोपी
Modi's joke on Manmohan - Killer
Reddit sucks cock
Reddit stopped me for football
Why is trump good?
Shameful deb fischer! Gag
McConnell gang
PoliSpectrum - A website to give readers a holistic review of critical issues in politics
Three stooges
Military Chief Goes Against Trump on U.S. Transgender Policy
Fruit not far...
Reddit not current?
Hi I'm twelve.
CNN v Reddit
Correct Politics is an Orwellian Concept
Boston Tuft's Nurses Strike - Picket Lines Mean Do Not Cross! 12 July 2017
A House Democrat has filed the first articles of impeachment against President Trump
Why the religious right worship Trump
We've done nothing and we're running out of ideas.
Government Spyware Targets Mexican Journalists and Their Families
Reality Winner has been arrested for whistleblowing and I was wondering what your opinion on that is! [1 min survey]
The Insane Travel and Leisure Costs of the Trump Presidency
Property Rights or Democracy: Cajamarca votes against AngloGold Ashanti
The Vitriol That Is American Politics
Developers now have an API to check Trump's prison status
(Video) The Real Reason Why Snoop Dogg Hate’s President Trump? #LavenderVideo
Miami Ad School Students Highlight Products Made by Refugees in a Clever Sticker Campaign
Don’t Let Them Eat Cake: Maduro’s War Against Bakeries
Does the Muslim ban make us safer? An exploration of terrorism data
Dutch Election (with a Dutch Donald Trump leading in the polls) coming up. Here's all you need to know.
Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be VettedC. Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be Vetted
Is Ecuador in the door of a political crisis?
Venezuela latest delay in delivering oil to Russia and China, will make Maduro lost their support?
New Political Party to Take on Trump
SHOCKING NEWS: Vladimir Putin caught doing COCAINE
Puppet Prime Minister - Canadian Politics 101
Monday Night Talk 10-31-2016 featuring Massachusetts 9th Congressional District Forum
Veritas video subersive that says “Yeah, and nobody is really supposed to know about me.” has been doing dirty work for a long time.
Unconditional Free Income due to #AI eliminating jobs... spot.com
Trump or Hillary? Who to Vote for this Election
Did Clinton propose drone strike against Julian Assange??
Hear Otzi The Iceman Speak Again After 5,000 Years Of Silence
Slimepot Hillary Clinton
DNC Leak Reveals System for Automated Voter Fraud
Hillary: 'RAISE TAXES ON THE MIDDLE CLASS!' - How to Waste Your Life RANT
The Media Forgets
Jill Stein will put Snowden in her cabinet if elected
Announcement: r/Politics is moving to a whitelist domain submission model - please read
Saturday Political Cartoon Thread
Pence under scrutiny for using campaign lawyers to hide emails in Indiana
Trump Caught on Video Playing Golf When He Claimed He Was Working and Stuff
Al Gore to Bill Maher: 'It's time to get rid of the electoral college'
White supremacy week at the White House: Even by Trump standards, the racism was dialed to 11
The Russia investigation is getting serious — and President Trump is feeling the heat
'Barack Obama Day' Is Now an Illinois Holiday
Column: If Donald Trump were an immigrant, he'd probably be deported
Meet the Democrats Running on Single-Payer Health Care
Trump Sends Anonymous Official to Defend Vacation And Hide Golf Games
Tillerson, Russian foreign minister meet in Manila: interfax
Donald Trump won the election, and we don’t know whether he colluded — but he’s not a legitimate president
MIke Pence Preparing 2020 Election Run Against ‘Weak’ Trump? Vice-Presidents Team Denies Explosive Claim
How Anthony Scaramucci rose to the top of Wall Street, sold his company, tanked his marriage, and traded it all for a wild 10 days in Trump's White House
Trump relatively quiet on opioid crisis, despite campaign vows
U.S. Prepared to Launch ‘Preventive War’ Against North Korea, Says H.R. McMaster
'Improvised explosive device' behind Minnesota mosque blast, FBI says
Fox News host Eric Bolling suspended over 'lewd messages'
Why Won’t Media Outlets Report Mosque Bombings As Deliberate Terrorism
White House Tries To Shut Down Speculation That Mike Pence Is Preparing For 2020 Run
Warren: 'I am not running for president, I'm doing my work'
How Trump's FCC aided Sinclair's expansion
Trump presidency is destroying marriages across the country
Flake: I wish GOP had stood up to birtherism
Mueller requests White House records on Flynn: NYT
Dean Heller’s Reward for Caving to Trump on Health Care? $1 Million From Mitch McConnell.
GOP debates deep cut to corporate tax rate
How Randy Bryce, the Iron Stache, Plans to Take Down Paul Ryan
McCain: Republicans 'see weakness' in Trump
Schiff: Russia probe 'moving into new phase' with grand jury
Donald Trump broke an obscure but important rule when he bragged about US jobs report
Trump administration stirs alarm over voter purges
"This is not a vacation": Trump kicks off 17-day trip with tweets, golf
Why Trump Invokes ‘Common Sense’ It serves as a justification for his policies and as an antidote to expert opinion.
Donald Trump: A 71-year-old Man Who Needs A Military General To Manage His Twitter Use
Dear Liberals, Ivanka Trump Was Never Your Ally
Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks prompt strong reaction in New Hampshire
House GOP staffers fly to London to find Steele, invite to testify expected
Double standard decried as Minnesota mosque bombed
'We're coming for you': NRA attacks New York Times in provocative video
“We’ve never seen this before”: Canada struggles to deal with “intense” influx of asylum seekers from U.S.
Donald Trump has a sickening fetish for cruelty
Imagine if Hillary Clinton behaved as Donald Trump has
Maker of Clinton Sting Video Broke Campaign Law, FEC Says
Dems face fundamental problem in Texas: Getting people to vote
Conway, ABC host tangle over Trump's involvement in son's statement
Germany's Martin Schulz Says Trump 'Far Worse' Than Expected
National Butterfly Center Founder: Trump’s Border Wall Prep ‘Trampling on Private Property Rights’
The officers of the Buffalo Police Department went more than four years and 2 million calls without a fatal shooting. What did they do right?
The Trump Administration Just Dealt a Big Setback to Affordable Housing
Trump losing ground with his base
Trump is reportedly considering hardline nationalist Stephen Miller for White House communications director
Trump claims New Jersey getaway is 'not a vacation.'
Why Is Donald Trump Still So Horribly Witless About the World?
Norman Lear, Kennedy Center Honoree, To Skip White House Reception In Protest
Mueller, Trump, Russia: Your Weekend Briefing
Bill de Blasio Will Push for Tax on Wealthy to Fix Subway
White House warns ‘potentially ambitious’ Republicans about 2020
Rosenstein Says Trump Russia Probe Is Not a ‘Fishing Expedition’
Jeff Flake: Trump calling lawmakers 'clowns and losers' isn't presidential
These Americans beat Donald Trump and saved Obamacare. They say they can do it again
Nearly 50 Senators Want to Make It a Felony to Boycott Israel
In Trumpcare's Demise, Public Option Emerges Ahead Of 2018 Elections
It’s Officially Barack Obama Day In Illinois
Black people aren’t keeping white Americans out of college. Rich people are.
Kellyanne Conway yells “Benghazi!” as veteran anchor nails Trump team for Russia lies
White House ‘Enemies List’ Drove McMaster-Bannon Feud
Minnesota mosque explosion: FBI says it is investigating possible hate crime
Stop the FCC and Investigate AT&amp;T, Verizon, Et Al.
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
Republicans are quietly positioning themselves to challenge Trump in 2020
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
Strong reaction in New Hampshire to Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks
Trump now has the votes to feed U.S. fracking frenzy with new gas pipelines
New Sexual Harassment Allegations Leveled Against Fox News’ Eric Bolling. The accusations came just hours after the network announced it had suspended Bolling.
Vice President Mike Pence to Headline Koch Summit
FBI: 'Improvised explosive device' caused blast at Bloomington Islamic center
Donald Trump Is Proposing Massive Funding Cuts for Toxic Waste Cleanup
Greed is not good: Will the Trump team disasters finally put an end to the businessman myth?
Sessions Put Together a Task Force to Justify Cracking Down on Legal Marijuana. It Said Things Should Stay the Same.
Mike Pence Just Turned Over His Personal Emails, but Trump Is Still Focused on Hillary Clinton
Federal employees step up defiance of Trump
Rosenstein: We're after the leakers, not the journalists
Republicans Plot 2020 Election Plans To Throw Trump Under the Bus
Opioid Users Are Filling Jails. Why Don’t Jails Treat Them?
Insana: Thank global growth for Dow 22,000, not Trump
Bernie Sanders writing teen guide to political revolution
Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak says he and Michael Flynn discussed 'simple things'
Clinton chief of staff compares Trump White House 'chaos' to television 'telenovelas'
Trump’s Base of Support Is Collapsing
Rosenstein: Trump has not ordered investigation of 'particular people'
LGBTQ Suicide Hotline Calls from Transgender Youth Spike Under Trump
Former Mexican president mocks Donald Trump over golf holiday: 'If you're not happy with job, just leave'
Minnesota mosque attacked, bomb thrown through window, police say
Rosenstein: Impaneling grand jury doesn't say anything about likelihood of indictments
ACLU Sounds Alarm Over Trump Administration’s ‘Threat’ To Free Speech
Civil rights group says it will sue Trump admin over transgender military ban
Trump's Support Among White Voters Plummeted And His Approval Rating Sunk
Report breaks down how much Congressmen are getting from Pharma PACs
Israel to American Jews: You Just Don’t Matter
Donald Trump's 17-day break 'not a vacation', US President insists.
The Yakima Terror: Ninety years ago in Washington, a wave of anti-immigrant sentiment resulted in horror for Filipinos.
Eric Bolling suspended from Fox News after allegations of lewd texting
The Mooch's replacement could be Stephen Miller
‘This is like medicine to him’: why Trump still needs the love of the crowd
Gulf War vet becomes first woman in 25 years to lead a major veterans organization
Trump is Making New Legal Immigrant Legislation that would prevent most of our ancestry - including his own grandfather
Conway: Trump 'plans on being a two term president'
Trump Tweets Support For DOJ’s Leak Crackdown: ‘The Tougher The Better’
George Will warns ‘grotesque’ is becoming normal for GOP
Donald Trump's Pathetic Lies. Even after two years on the political stage, Trump continues to outdo himself. His penchant for lies resembles an incorrigible alcoholic's thirst for drink: He lives for the next one and can't abstain, no matter what it costs him.
The Oklahoman- Rep Mullins stock ownership raises conflict of interest concerns
As Trump Sings Coal’s Praises, Mine Fatalities Are on the Rise
The Policies of White Resentment
Donald Trump has a sickening fetish for cruelty
Opioid addiction centres in US fear becoming 'dead in the water' if Obamacare collapses
White House to become less 'dump'-like in Trump's absence
How the Senate Is Subtly Resisting Trump by Not Taking a Recess
ALEC Push for Constitutional Convention Hits a Roadblock of Infighting, Legal Questions
White House to become less ‘dump’-like in Trump’s absence
Christie: Everybody knows now Trump Jr.'s meeting was a 'bad idea'
President Donald Trump’s slowness to nominate members to an energy commission helped cause a bureaucratic logjam that held up $13 billion in pipeline and gas-export projects
Tillis: Legislation important to 'reestablish the public trust' in DOJ
When a Candidate Conspired With a Foreign Power to Win An Election
McConnell overplays hand in Alabama Senate race
Fox News suspends Eric Bolling amid sexual harassment allegations
The Latest: Trump’s Ukraine envoy to visit Moscow for talks
GOP senator: Trump may have been only one who didn't realize complexity of healthcare
Don't blame Putin for Trump's presidency, blame American voters
Maybe the A.I. dystopia is already here
Sanders Introduces Rule to Require Fair Pricing on Taxpayer-Funded Drugs
Senators move to protect special counsel in Russia probe
Trump defends trip to Bedminster: 'This is not a vacation'
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents - New York Times
Lupica: Jeff Sessions’ war on free press is the bigger threat to national security
Republicans aren’t tired of winning under Trump. In fact, more think they’re losing.
Sessions “wrongly targets National Security whistleblowers”
Pence to Speak at Conservatives’ Meeting Organized by Koch Brothers
Nissan Workers in Mississippi Vote Against Joining Union After Threats
Trump Casino Trademarks In Macau, "Gambling Capital Of The World," Spark Speculation Of Business Expansion
Ex-Bush ethics lawyer: Use lie detectors on the White House press secretary
Jeff Sessions' Attack on the Media Is Worse Than You Think
ALEC’s Attack on Public Education: A Report from the Frontlines
Fake news site posts that North Korea’s Kim Jong Un is dead for second time in a month
On Russia, Two Trumps: In D.C., Constrained; For The Nation, Defiant
Tillerson Hails U.N. Sanctions, as Chinese Minister Rebukes North Korea at Asean Meeting
The list of things that Michael Flynn could be charged for seems to be expanding
Collins: Trump ‘can’t set red lines’ for Justice Department probe of Russia ties
Serving God by suing others: Inside the Christian conservative legal movement
Mueller asked White House for documents related to Flynn, report says
California Will Sue The Trump Administration Over Sanctuary Cities — REPORT
Medicare for All hosts forum to educate community on single payer options
The Policies of White Resentment
Student loans forgiveness for public servents up in the air!
Search For Author of Dossier Led by GOP members
Russia's Lavrov: we feel U.S. readiness to continue dialogue | Reuters
John McCain on Republican confidence in Trump for 2020: 'They see weakness in this president'
UN Security Council votes unanimously to impose new sanctions on North Korea after missile tests
Obama Alumni Jump Into Congressional Races Across the Country
Wisconsin workers getting left behind
Trump was almost the president in ‘Sharknado,’ after Sarah Palin turned down the role
LBJ signs Voting Rights Act, Aug. 6, 1965
New Chief of Staff Reins in White House Aides-and Trump's Tweets
Stephen Miller considered for White House communication director job: report
Rouhani warns Trump he 'risks his political life' over Iran nuclear deal as he implores Europe to defend agreement.
Congressmen oppose Texas wildlife refuge as border wall site
U.S. Justice Department not looking to charge journalists for leaks: official
Black college leaders’ report card on Trump: Still awaiting action
The Border Crackdown is Forcing Migrants to Become Mexican Cartel Slaves
The future of the Democratic Party could be written in upcoming gubernatorial races
Mueller investigation enters new phase
Trump Administration Threatens Freedom of the Press in New Leaks Crackdown
Fox Host Eric Bolling Suspended Pending Results Of Lewd Text Messages Probe
U.S. Reportedly Intercepted Suspected Russian Agents' Chatter That Manafort Asked for Their Help With Clinton
The battle over science in the Trump administration
The Latest: Trump Defends His Working Vacation
Understanding the Christian Broadcasting Network, the force behind the latest pro-Trump TV newscast
Who benefits from discriminatory college admissions policies? White males - LA Times
Trump supporters' optimism starting to wear off
Jump In US Expats Renouncing Citizenship
The GOP has become the party of the grotesque
GOP senator: US-Russia relationship 'not good right now' because of Putin
Testing the CEO President
Remaining Trump Supporters Aren't Doing Themselves Any Favors
The Battle Over Smog Is Heating Up (Again)
Bobby Sticks It to Trump
Stephen Miller is being considered for White House communications director: Report
Dirty energy's quiet war on solar panels
White House policy adviser downplays Statue of Liberty's famous poem
Big rise in number of Justice Department active leak probes
Republican Shadow Campaign for 2020 Takes Shape as Trump Doubts Grow
Amazon is selling toilet paper with Donald Trump's tweets printed on it. Happy wiping!
Bill Maher: Donald Trump Is ‘Capable’ Of Ordering Assassinations
Trump’s lawyers reportedly warned him against transgender military ban
After sanctions, Tillerson may find Russia talks an uphill climb
Florida will pay $82,000 after losing vote-by-mail lawsuit
Tillerson doubles down as China takes new hard line on North Korea
The man fighting Donald Trump to preserve America’s national monuments
Paul Ryan embarrassed by constituents at fake town hall
Other Views: Three reasons why taxpayers should question the Foxconn deal
Is Mueller’s Grand Jury Impeachment Step One?
Gorka: Trump's Twitter feed 'powerful' enough to make China act on North Korea
UN Security Council imposes new sanctions on North Korea
Toyota plans truck, possibly SUV production in Mexico after Trump threat
Trump's desperate plea: Impeach me, please!
Trump mingles with wedding guests at New Jersey golf course
Loaded word of the week: Cosmopolitan
Tired Of Winning? Trump’s Struggles Mean Even Republicans Think They’re Losing
Nissan Mississippi workers vote heavily against unionization
Bobby Sticks It to Trump
Insane Federal Bill Would Strip Trans People of Their Civil Rights
Trump eyes top policy aide for communications director role: official
Pence calls rumors he will run in 2020 ‘absurd’
Dem tells Obama: 'We miss your intellect and integrity' in the White House
Seth Rich Murder: Did Trump Support Fake News at Fox News?
After six months of accomplishing nothing, can Congress pivot?
Vicente Fox mocks Trump over vacation: 'If you're not happy with your job, just leave'
Booker on hug with McCain after healthcare vote: 'I'm a hugger'
Trump's Approval Rating Is The Opposite Of Obama's At This Point In His First Term (That's Bad For Donald)
White House reporters explain why ‘palace intrigue’ actually matters
In Water is Wet News, Trump Supports Have Change of Heart
McConnell to consider bipartisan plan to pay health insurers
Collins acknowledges GOP ignoring some of Trump’s ‘over the top’ rhetoric
Special Counsel's Office Seeks White House Documents on Flynn
They’re Building a Trump-Centric Movement. But Don’t Call It Trumpism.
In Afghan review, Trump's frustration carries echoes of Obama years
Prostitution decriminalized: Rhode Island's experiment
Congress Leaves Town Exhausted, Unsuccessful and Frustrated
Not taking a vacation on Twitter, Trump offers thoughts on Sessions, the U.N. and his time in Jersey
Jobs report disputes Trump claim that immigration hurts U.S. workers and lowers wages
Norman Lear plans to boycott Kennedy Center Honors reception hosted by Trump
With His Back Against The Wall, Trump Again Turns To Grievance Politics
Meet the new U.S. senators
Iran's Rohani, Sworn in for Second Term, Says Trump Is an Unreliable Partner to the World
GOP Senator Laughs In Woman’s Face When Asked To Stop Taking Fossil Fuel Money
Sessions' media attack just for Trump
Anderson Cooper's Show Mocks Vacationing Donald Trump With Snarky Chyron
Four tribes of Trump's GOP opposition
Mandatory composting? Gavin Newsom isn’t shying away from his liberal record
Trump praises AG Sessions' plans to combat leaks
The Democratic Socialists of America hit 25,000 members. Here’s why this could mark a political turning point
Why Trump Supporters Distrust Immigration and Diversity
Gov. Brown Supports California “Sanctuary Cities” Lawsuit
Is Trump’s Turmoil Slowing Economic Growth?
Calvo asks United Nations to visit Guam, press U.S. on decolonization
FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
UN Ambassador Nikki Haley: 'We're prepared to do whatever it takes' on North Korea
Trump leaves on 17-day break at golf course as Russia investigation intensifies
New Firehouse/0ptimus survey: Trump's Shrinking Base
Transgender Soldiers Want the Dignity of Serving Their Country
Meet the Reporter Driving Fox News’s Biggest, Craziest Stories
Trump and his real, and unreal, phone calls
Trump's "America First" Energy Plan Is A Losing Proposition For Industry. Here's Why.
Trump adviser Stephen Miller could expand White House role, but talks remain informal
Far-right Bannon Affiliates Attack McMaster for Being 'Controlled by Jews' and 'Hostile to Israel'
Nissan workers in Canton, Mississippi, voted against unionizing on Friday by a margin of 2,244 to 1,307.
Black plans to keep Budget chair ‘for the time being’
UN imposes tough new sanctions on North Korea
Paul Ryan: Intel leaks 'the problem of the leaker, not the journalist'
NRA spokesperson to New York Times: 'We're coming for you'
All Eyes Are on Tillerson and North Korean Counterpart at Asean Meeting
Trump files notice to withdraw from Paris agreement, planning instead to promote fossil fuels
Hollywood picks Gavin Newsom over Antonio Villaraigosa in California's race for governor
In the race to be California's next governor, Newsom raises more money than Villaraigosa, Chiang and Eastin combined
Pence blasts NYT report about 2020 ambitions
Mueller requests White House documents on Flynn: report
The Mooch's Worst Week in Washington
Affirmative Action and the Myth of Reverse Racism - The Atlantic
Not taking a vacation on Twitter, Trump offers thoughts on Sessions, the U.N. and his time in Jersey
Trump Is Wrong if He Thinks Symphonies Are Superior
Trump’s lawyers reportedly warned against backlash from trans military ban
Would you even care if he was guilty?
Trump’s Worst Week Since Last Week
Al Gore thought Trump ‘might come to his senses’ on climate change. Nope.
Mayor: Trump Missed Opportunity to Address Opioids
A White Director, the Police and Race in ‘Detroit’
President Trump settles in for 17-day vacation at his secluded New Jersey club
Linn County social security numbers 'accidentally' sent to GOP
House Intel member: Kushner meticulous, "not a novice"
Australian TV panel tries to discuss leaked Trump transcripts, can’t stop laughing
Trump ‘appreciates’ China, Russia backing on North Korea sanctions
Pope Francis's Associates Condemn American Religious Right
What you need to know about the Senate’s “right-to-try” bill
Newsweek's new cover calls President Trump a 'Lazy Boy'
U.S. gives official notice of withdrawal from Paris climate agreement
Civil rights groups to sue over Trump's plan for transgender military ban
Former Democratic Texas governor Mark White dies at 77
The GOP has become the party of the grotesque
How Trump's latest affirmative action move uses the Asian "model minority" as a prop
10-year-old transgender N.J. girl: 'I feel way more happier now that I know who I am'
'Lazy Boy' Trump Has Taken More Vacation Than Obama Did in 8 Years
I'm Beto O'Rourke, and I'm challenging Ted Cruz in 2018
In Afghan review, Trump's frustration carries echoes of Obama years
Donald Trump Is The Fast-Food President.
The future of the Democratic Party could be written in upcoming gubernatorial races
Migrant deaths at US-Mexico border increase 17% this year, UN figures show
Trump defends national security adviser H.R. McMaster amid calls for his firing
In the Age of Trump, the Service Industry Must Adapt to Nonstop Politics
Congress must prove its mettle this fall; it has no choice
McConnell-linked SuperPAC says it's all in for Heller
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents
Shirtless Vladimir Putin returns, this time killing small fish to prove his manhood
Clinton's Lewinsky scandal underlines grand jury's threat to Trump
Black People Don't Get Free College
Everyone in Congress is really stressed about the pee tape.
Strong Democratic candidates join the race to unseat anti-Obamacare Kentucky Republican.
GOP efforts to stabilize Obamacare markets might come too late
GOP senator flees from Ohio woman’s questions — in a golf cart
Trump takes break from White House with 'working vacation'
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
UN Security Council unanimously approves new sanctions on North Korea
Chuck Todd: 'I look forward to ignoring' DOJ subpoena
'Further action required' after UN North Korea missile test sanctions, Haley says
Rhode Island just made community college free
Jeh Johnson on leaks: 'I've never seen it this bad'
Failing Nuclear Power Is Good For Coal, Bad For Earth
Deputy Attorney General: Special counsel Mueller needs permission to expand Russia investigation
Maxine Waters: Pence should be impeached after Trump
What's the Deal, Mr. Trump?
The Big Banks and Corporations Financing Trump’s Deportation Machine
Laziest President in American History Departs for 17-Day Golf Resort Vacation
As Democrats Look To 2018, Abortion Emerges Divisive
Rumors Of "Purge List" Rattle White House Staff
White supremacists’ smear campaign against H.R. McMaster has officially begun
Sunday shows preview: Senators tout bill to protect Mueller
Fox's Jarrett calls grand juries 'undemocratic farce' one day after calling for one for Clinton
Vicente Fox trolls Trump again, slams his 17-day vacation: 'If you're not happy with your job, just leave'
Media's Grim Addiction to Perseverance Porn
Sessions deputy: justice department is 'after leakers, not journalists'
Old jabs about Obama vacations echo as Trump takes his own summer break
This week in Donald Trump’s conflicts of interest: Even the Russia scandal won’t deter him
U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact
The Muslim Americans leading the push to 'stand up and be leaders' in politics
GOP would rather pass no tax reform at all than endanger tax cuts for the rich
Pence on health care: 'It ain't over'
McConnell on healthcare failure: 'Feel better, Hillary Clinton could be president'
President Trump Dismisses Russia Questions as Grand Jury Impaneled
California preparing to sue Trump administration
Trump breaks federal rule about commenting on jobs report
These voters in Arizona are fed up with Democrats, Republicans and Trump
Thousands Of Asylum Seekers Are Fleeing To Canada Because They're Afraid Of Being Deported By Trump
House Republican says Trump was just joking when he repeatedly vowed Mexico would pay for the wall
Betsy DeVos Refuses to Take a Stand Against Discrimination, Again
The Memo: GOP questions Trump's Mueller strategy
Donor files RICO lawsuit against GOP for failing to repeal Obamacare
Diplomats laughing at Trump over leaked Mexico transcript
“The opposite of Teddy Roosevelt”: Donald Trump’s leaked transcripts have made him an international laughingstock
Will Colorado’s Health Insurance Industry Run One Of Its Own For Governor?
50 Years Ago, All Americans Won the Right to Vote. Today That Right Is Under Attack.
There’s no such thing as a Trump Democrat
How the upper middle class keeps everyone else out
Maher compares Trump to 'father of lies' Satan
Trump’s transgender military ban is now official policy
Murkowski, Sullivan Help Increase Treatment Options for Terminally Ill
Why Is Donald Trump Still So Horribly Witless About the World?
Waters: Mueller is going to win
Jeff Sessions might subpoena journalists to reveal leakers. Mike Pence once fought against that.
In The States, Republicans Have Never Been So Dominant — Or Vulnerable
Donald Trump's pathetic lies
U.S. will take 'prudent defensive measures' against North Korea threat: envoy
Trump's risky leak war
Haley: US will do 'whatever it takes' on NK
Jeff Sessions hints Department of Justice could force media to give up sources
Keep the Trump Leaks Coming
Trump’s Inner Circle Of People You’ve Never Heard Of
Week 11: Gone Fishing for Donald Trump
Trump is a one-man assault on the rule of law
Gallup Daily: Trump Job Approval
John L. Micek: Trump ditches 'real America' for Wall Street
Bill Maher Says Trump ‘Capable’ of Murder: ‘He Loves Dictators’
Former Russian ambassador Kislyak denies discussing secrets or sanctions with Michael Flynn
Forget ‘Tax Reform.’ Republicans Will Settle for Tax Cuts for the Rich.
Trump’s Fledgling Presidency Has Already Collapsed
This Trump real estate deal looks awfully like criminal tax fraud
Donald Trump fights back over his 17-day New Jersey break
Report: Mueller seeks details from WH on Flynn lobbying for Turkish businessman
White House Forced to Admit to Multiple Trump Lies
Trump's Transgender Ban Now Policy
You’re fired! Donald Trump’s theatrics vs political reality
Vets used as mustard gas test subjects by U.S. win victory in Congress
'A good man, very pro-Israel': Trump defends McMaster from far-right snipers
Murder Conviction Overturned In Infamous Blackwater Massacre Case
Federal task force reportedly recommends more marijuana study, no crackdown
Trump national security adviser stresses North Korea threat
Bernie Sanders Is Writing a Guide to Political Revolution for Teens
Trump supporters' optimism starting to wear off
Paul Ryan pushed back on Jeff Sessions' veiled threat to journalists
Stephen Colbert Wrote a New Poem for the Statue of Liberty, and He Hopes Stephen Miller Likes It
NH Gov. Chris Sununu calls Trump's 'drug-infested den' comment an 'aspersion'
Aetna CEO: Obamacare 'cannot be repealed, period'
Reggie Thomas looking to unseat Andy Barr in KY Dist. 6
Poor immigrants are the least likely group to use welfare, despite Trump’s claims
Donald Trump Had a Tough Week. Putin Went Sunbathing in Siberia.
Waters: Trump the most deplorable person I have met
Michael Flynn to disclose advisory role linked to Cambridge Analytica
Trump weighs slashing one of the most popular tax deductions
Trump’s wall will require large seizures of private land — and the cost is unknown - Mexico still isn't paying for it.
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents: New York Times
The Three Paradoxes Disrupting American Politics
At inauguration Hassan Rouhani urges more talks
'This Is Nuts': Trump Fumes to Generals That US Should Plunder Afghan Minerals
Republican Senators Sure Sound Afraid to Go Home to Their Constituents
Three more RNC staffers set to exit
California governor endorses potential 'sanctuary cities' lawsuit
Interior Department investigating Zinke for reportedly threatening senators over Trumpcare votes
WashPost Reporter: White House Never Tried to Stop Transcripts Story
Judge partially lifts drilling ban on Sunoco pipeline, postpones hearing
White House officials take pictures with author who compares Democrats to Nazis.
Ex-Russian diplomat downplays Flynn contact, denies election meddling
White House May Use Lie Detectors to Crack Down on Leaks
Trump praises Sessions for 'taking action' against leaks
Trump asserts support for McMaster
Iran Gains Ground in Afghanistan as U.S. Presence Wanes
US finalizes deal for new Air Force One jets once destined for Russian airliner
After Sanctions, Tillerson May Find Russia Talks an Uphill Climb
Trump’s Russia Defense Strategy: Bravado, Denial, and Mockery
Europe and USA on a collision course over Iran nuclear deal
Chicago to sue Trump administration over funding threat
Trump Administration accused of defying Supreme Court
Flynn files new financial form reporting ties to data firm
After six months, Pence has now turned over all state-related AOL emails, his attorney says
Trump increasingly isolated as disillusionment grows within his own party
The difference between illegal leaks and inconvenient leaks
Donald Trump likely to resign before Congress can impeach him, says senior Democrat
Pentagon Asks White House to Give Lethal Weapons to Ukraine
Why the NRA is going after the media
Court Throws Out Blackwater Guards' Sentences for 2007 Baghdad Massacre
Interior Department watchdog to investigate threat to Alaska senator on healthcare
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Washington State: Any Trump Administration Crackdown On Marijuana Would Be “Unacceptable”
Jeff Sessions promises crackdown on leaks in the US
A 'dark store' tax loophole enjoyed by Target and Lowe's is costing American schools billions
U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact
Number of trans calls to suicide hotlines more than double after Trump’s transphobic tweet
Journalist Sues FCC For Hiding Details About Its Alleged, Phantom DDOS Attack
Ajit Pai's anti-net neutrality plan gets the facts and law wrong, lawmakers say
Why Dana Rohrabacher's name keeps coming up in the Russia investigation
The Note: Reality closing in on Trump with grand jury investigation
Politics Briefing newsletter: 'Do not worry about Canada,' Trump says in leaked transcript
Planned Parenthood ban has caused decline in Texas women's access to health care, report says.
Trump staffers may start undergoing lie-detector testing to discover who is leaking according to Kellyanne-Conway
US willing to join UN climate talks despite its intent to exit from Paris agreement
'Sex and the City' actress Cynthia Nixon may run against Cuomo in gubernatorial primary
Analysis: Trump Turns to Russia Probe to Poke At His Critics
Former officials warn of damage from leaked conversations
Chicago to sue US Justice Department over funding threat
Fox isn’t the only White House cable news ally. Meet the Christian Broadcasting Network.
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Sanders Introduces Bill to Strengthen Veterans' Health Care
Dean Heller’s Reward for Caving to Trump on Health Care? A Million Dollars From Mitch McConnell.
Here Are 6 Things You Wouldn’t Know About the Trump Administration Without Leaks
Trump applauds UN for new sanctions against North Korea
Biden wishes Obama a happy birthday: You are a “gift”
The Moment the GOP Turned on Donald Trump
OPINION | The 5 types of Trump voter: How a fractured coalition can lead to broken promises
Trump retweets election map after W.Va. rally
Trump's 17-day holiday causes a stir
Trump’s Interests vs. America’s, Secret Service Edition
EPA head Scott Pruitt wants to quit enforcing environmental laws — but there’s a way to make him do his job
Senate Democrats Introduce Bill Allowing Medicare Buy-In At 55
How can Kelly tell Trump the truth when his entire presidency is built on lies?
Republican donor from Virginia Beach sues GOP, accusing the party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Trump's jobs tweet might have broken federal rules
Ex-Republican who left over Trump allowed to run as independent in race to replace Chaffetz
The US officially tells the UN it is quitting the Paris climate change deal
Russia's Kislyak: talks with Trump's ex-security aide 'absolutely transparent'
Newsweek's new cover calls President Trump a 'Lazy Boy'
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
Five Years after the Wisconsin Sikh Temple Tragedy, Much Work Remains to Protect Religious Freedom
Why Do Democrats Keep Losing in 2017?
U.S. Army to stop using Chinese-made DJI drones due to cyber-security concerns - National
Donald Trump widely mocked for his concerns over 'local milk people'
Trump sold his son Eric two $350,000 condos on Central Park - but it was a fair price, official insists, after tax lawyers question whether federal gift tax is owed
53 House Democrats warn Jim Mattis: Trump transgender ban is an 'unconstitutional directive'
Tillerson fears Moscow anger over counter-propaganda initiative
NH Gov. Chris Sununu calls Trump's 'drug-infested den' comment an 'aspersion'
Pence hands over AOL emails from time as Indiana’s governor
A look back at Trump’s anti-vacation tweets as he readies for 17-day vacation
Jeff Flake is trying to have it both ways: Kelli Ward
FBI tracked Election Day social media for fake news from Russia
Kushner Companies subpoenaed over use of visa program to fund developments
Toyota, Mazda plan $1.6 billion U.S. plant, will partner on electric vehicle technology
ACLU Comment on Justice Department Announcement on Leak Investigations
Politics Briefing newsletter: 'Do not worry about Canada,' Trump says in leaked transcript
Inside the bills aimed at checking Trump on firing Mueller
Stephen Bannon once guided a global firm that made millions helping gamers cheat
What to know about Mueller's use of a grand jury in the Russia probe
As Mueller Closes In, Republicans Turn Away From Trump
EPA Staffers Are Being Forced to Prioritize Energy Industry’s Wish List, Says Official Who Resigned in Protest
In 'Direct Attack on the First Amendment,' Sessions Declares War on Leaks
Rep. Denny Heck: Trump can't lie to the FBI
Trump Touts 'Clean Coal,' But His Policies Don't Support It
Why is Trump playing hateful gender politics with our military?
The War Against H.R. McMaster
There Are Lots of Women Running for Governor Right Now, and Some of Them Are Very, Very Bad
Trump touts 'excellent' jobs report, violating federal rule
Fox host accused of texting lewd images to colleagues: report
Justin Trudeau Rolling Stone Cover Is Brought To You By Desperate Times In America
Rod Rosenstein: Mueller needs to come to me if he wants to chase any crime outside scope of Russia probe
How Senators Are Trying to Block Trump From Firing Mueller
There May Not Be As Many ‘Trump Democrats’ As Previously Imagined
Trump Defends McMaster as Conservatives Seek His Dismissal
Trump’s itchy Twitter finger just triggered speculation about an indictment
Why Trump vacation critics are dead wrong
President Trump Mocks Russia Investigation
Why Trump’s Phone Call with Australia’s Prime Minister Will Haunt Him in Court
St. Johns County (Utah) Republican party member calls out transgender student
Trump begins 17-day vacation as troubles brew in Washington
White House considers lower deduction for U.S. homeowners
Huff, puff, pass? Attorney general's pot fury not echoed by task force.
Jeff Sessions gets slammed over Justice Department plan to cramp down on leaks
GOP lawmaker: My town hall crowd agreed Trump hasn’t been ‘civil’
Trump has a plan to make health insurance more expensive for you and the government
The Trump-Russia investigation is headed to a grand jury That's huge.
Trump’s reverse Midas touch
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Trump isn't going quiet on Russia. He's getting louder.
Mayor Emanuel says Chicago to sue Trump administration over its threat to withhold grants from "sanctuary cities."
Secret Service ditches Trump Tower space after lease dispute
Republican donor sues GOP for fraud over ObamaCare repeal failure
A village in India named after US president Donald Trump
Trump Defends McMaster as Conservatives Seek His Dismissal
Air Force purchases bankrupt Russian firm's planes for Air Force One
Senate blocks Trump from making recess appointments over break
In Trump’s World, Whites Are the Only Disadvantaged Class
A Bill Intended to Stop Sex Trafficking Could Significantly Curtail Internet Freedom
Sources: Trump administration to deliver notice it intends to withdraw from Paris climate deal
Is Jeff Sessions planning to crack down on legal pot? This letter suggests he might be.
'Death by a thousand cuts': Empty State Department offices sap morale, some staffers say
Rogues' gallery: These are the Republicans most responsible for Obamacare
Facebook is starting to put more posts from local politicians into people’s News Feed
The Trump agenda, as told by Steve Bannon's whiteboard
Maxine Waters: Trump is the most deplorable person I’ve ever met
Jeff Sessions just escalated Trump's war with the media
A Conversation with Al Franken on Trump, the Senate, and Humor
Kellyanne Conway: Russian attack on U.S. not “an issue of potential national security”
Fact check: Trump overstates impact of immigration bill
‘Drug-infested den’ and ‘true American patriots’: Donald Trump’s map of America
Rhode Island becomes 4th state to offer free community college tuition
Pope Francis' allies accuses US Catholics of forming an 'alliance of hate' to back Trump
Eric Trump accuses Twitter of censorship
What’s so “moderate” about constant warmongering?
DGA Statement on Jim Justice Announcement
Schwarzenegger launches new effort to counter Trump on climate
No Free Speech for You
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
For foreign spies, Donald Trump is an easy mark
White House Staffers Pose With Dinesh D'Souza And His New Book On The 'Fascist' Left
DOJ 'Bullying' Cities Into Complying With Anti-Immigration Efforts
Jeff Sessions: DOJ reviewing policies on media subpoenas
Maybe it's time to pull the plug on health insurance
US attorney general says four charged in crackdown on leaks
Graham: Mueller will be held 'accountable' for leaks
US notifies UN of climate deal pullout
Trump retweets account that traffics in wild conspiracy theories, accused Hillary Clinton of murder
Trump's Jobs Tweet Violates Federal Rule - And it's not the first time
Will Trump backlash make American socialists great again?
Trump turns to Russia probe to poke at his critics
John Kelly's big challenge: Controlling the tweeter in chief
DOJ warns the media could be targeted in crackdown on leaks
House Moderates Have a Bipartisan Health-Care Bill
Trump Jr's Russia 'Adoption' Meeting Last June Is Getting Subpoenaed
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Structural Unemployment: Yes, It Was Humbug
Why Does the Trump Administration Suddenly Care So Much About Venezuela?
Report: Mattis had to intervene in dispute between McMaster and Bannon
Fact-checking President Trump’s West Virginia rally
Republican donor from Virginia Beach sues GOP, accusing the party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Dems press FCC to extend net neutrality comment period
Donald Trump heads on vacation, after shaming people who take time off
Facebook Is Using an “NRA Approach” to Defend Its Creepy Facial Recognition Programs
How the Stock Market Will Cripple Donald Trump
Amid Washington dysfunction, lack of accomplishments, Trumps clings to his shrinking support
Nearly 50 Senators Want to Make It a Felony to Boycott Israel
North Korea's ICBM tests a possible deception tactic
Playing Defense
What Trump's poll numbers mean for Republicans
Megathread: Mueller Impanels a Grand Jury
Trump Picks Radical Right-Wing Radio Host to Serve as Top Federal Scientist
US officially tells UN it wants out of Paris climate deal
On Washington: Republican Senator Is on a Mission to Rescue the Health Care Law
Sessions says Justice Department will boost investigations of leaks, may pursue reporters
Secret Service vacates Trump Tower command post in lease dispute with president's company
Trump’s 17-day vacation is more time off than most Americans get all year
Trump defends McMaster in wake of criticism on the right
How Congress' Attempt To Break CDA230 Could Kill Airbnb
4 reasons churches must get out of the business of politics
At Bradley Byrne town hall, questions swirl about Trump's behavior
Scarborough to Jared and Ivanka: Move back to New York
Stephen Bannon once guided a global firm that made millions helping gamers cheat
Newsweek Mocks ‘Lazy Boy’ Donald Trump On New Cover
Air Force signs contract for 2 presidential aircraft
Security for Trump's summer visit ruffles tranquil New Jersey town
Why white grievance remains Trump's fallback
In Latest Video Volley, NRA Targets The New York Times: ‘We’re Coming For You’
Jeff Sessions Wants to Stop Leaks by Targeting Journalists
Emanuel: City to sue Trump Justice Department over funding threat
Pentagon legal team scrambles to devise transgender policy
Emily's List Expands After 16,000 Women Reach Out About Running For Office
Sean Spicer Is Now Being Repped By Washington Power Lawyer
Trump administration 'could sue over discrimination against whites by universities', civil rights activists fear
Grand jury subpoenas have been issued related to June 2016 meeting between Donald Trump Jr., Russian lawyers and others - sources
Trump Watch: Day Two – A Twitter guide to the unfolding drama
Interior Dept Watchdog Launches Probe Into Zinke Calls To Alaska Senators
Hey Trump, Lady Liberty's promise actually matters to immigration law
America’s economy is solid, but there’s no ‘Trump bump'
Trump still has the bully pulpit, but is facing more challenges to his authority
Obamacare was thriving in California. Then Trump happened.
Congress is slowly tying Trump’s hands when it comes to Russia
What Do You Have to Lose?: The Coming Assault on Race-Conscious Admissions Programs
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
Trump triggers debate on impact of immigrants
Hunt for Trump dossier author inflames Russia probe
Meet The White House’s Newest Star: A Whiteboard
Cities baffled as Jeff Sessions targets them on immigration
Trump Claims He Won New Hampshire (Which He Lost To Hillary Clinton) Because It’s A ‘drug-infested Den’
Jeff Sessions just escalated Trump's war with the media
Vice President Mike Pence to Headline Koch Summit
WTF Happened at the White House This Week?
GOP donor sues over failed ACA repeal
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
We just got another look at Steve Bannon's infamous whiteboard, thanks to a controversial White House visitor
Secret Service quits Trump Tower in dispute over lease
Trump's trip to Bedminster prompts protesters to get creative
After years of slow recovery, U.S. economy boasts solid gains
Trump slammed this GOP senator in a tweet—now she's making him pay for it
Kamala Harris is one of the most progressive (and attacked) leaders in America
Manchin dodges party-switch fallout
Trump Rejects the Huddled Masses Yearning to Breathe Free
Flynn files amended disclosure report showing additional payments
FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
Huff, puff, pass? AG’s pot fury not echoed by task force
This GOP Candidate Wants To Gut Virginia's Planned Parenthood From The Governor's Mansion
Donald Trump's new immigration rule would have kept his German grandfather out
No One Turns Out to Vote in Iowa Town’s Special Election
While Trump's away, 'much-needed' White House renovations begin
Bernie Sanders and DNC chair Tom Perez attack Nissan for anti-union campaign in Mississippi
We now know how the Trump presidency will end. Let's hope we survive: Burman
Trump, America's Boy King: Golf And Television Won't Make America Great Agian
Flynn details tie to data firm, transition pay
Federal control board overseeing Puerto Rico's finances to impose furloughs for 1st time in US territory's history.
Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns
Florida Dems hosting fundraiser for GOP lawmaker
Why arguments against WaPo’s Oval Office leaks are wrong
What’s Wrong With Airport Face Recognition?
Donald Trump’s White House, Republican allies don’t want him to fire Robert Mueller
What the Trump-Russia Grand Jury Means
Fmr CIA officer: More shoes to drop in Don Jr mtg
GOP lawmaker: Trump has not been civil
Green Party's Jill Stein concerned about 'demonization' of North Korea
Congressional Republicans are beginning to assert themselves against Trump
'I'm the world's greatest person', US President Donald Trump tells Australia's PM Malcolm Turnbull in leaked phone call transcript
The Gulf of Mexico dead zone is larger than ever. Here’s what to do about it.
Secret Service quits Trump Tower in dispute over lease
Maxine Waters Isn't Running For 'Anything Except The Impeachment of Trump'
New Devotional Highlights Hillary Clinton’s Spiritual Side
U.S. Army halts use of Chinese-made drones over cyber concerns
Trump's attack on Chinese trade gets sidelined over North Korea
Stephen Miller’s strange insult of a reporter is very familiar to white supremacists
Trump and the Paris Agreement: What Just Happened?
Report: ‘Professional Cuddling’ Industry Booming Under Trump
The knives are coming out for H.R. McMaster
Michael Flynn details previously undisclosed paid speaking engagements, business positions, and income
Susan Collins: 'Trump can't set Red Lines for Bob Mueller'
Colbert takes on Trump over grand jury, conversations with world leaders
Conway downplays Russia probe after grand jury reports
New GOP ad attacks Manchin after West Virginia governor switches parties
Poll: Three-quarters of Utah voters want Hatch to retire
Trump says he’s been ‘working hard.’ Here’s the current status on things
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
As Jeff Sessions announces leak crackdown, here are 12 major leaks of the Trump era
Puerto Rico governor defies oversight board on worker furloughs
Gingrich says Mueller represents ‘deep state’ at worst
Not even Americans for Prosperity likes Wisconsin’s terrible Foxconn deal
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Campaign Legal Center requests investigation of Steve Bannon
Readout of President Donald J. Trump’s Call with President Emmanuel Macron of France
U.S. Officially Tells U.N. It Wants out of Paris Climate Deal
A ‘Caddyshack’ controversy at a Trump golf course in L.A.
Donald Trump Is Rapidly Reshaping the Nation’s Courts
Mattis had to wade into feud between furious White House rivals McMaster and Bannon
Ken Starr killed irony today
Chillaxed Vladimir Putin cultivates strongman persona with holiday adventures
Groups File Federal Lawsuit Over Diversity Visa Denials
Trump’s spectacle is outrageous, but not entirely new: He’s the ultimate fulfillment of consumer capitalism
Retired Virginia Beach attorney sues GOP, accusing the Republican Party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Hundreds protest outside President Trump's rally
As a grand jury begins work, defiant Trump calls Russia investigation a ‘fabrication’
Majorities in every state oppose Trump’s transgender ban
The Senate Seems More Willing To Push Back Against Trump Than The House - Why?
Communication Regarding Intent To Withdraw From Paris Agreement
The “this is fine” bias in cable news - Vox
Ryan warns GOP inaction will 'depress turnout' in 2018
New Docs Reveal Trump Admin Ordered Airport Staff to Snub Congressmen, Lawyers During Travel Ban
25 Million Clinton Votes Weren’t Fake
Russian Information Warfare: A Reality That Needs a Response
By end of August, Trump will have spent three times as many days at leisure as Obama
How Sessions can make Trump happy by making reporters’ lives miserable. There aren't many real limits preventing DOJ from harassing reporters.
New poll says Trump removing Mueller would be bad news for the GOP in 2018
Priebus ally Katie Walsh takes key role in shaking up GOP data staff
Judges Threw Out The Conviction Of A Blackwater Guard Charged In A Massacre In Iraq
Poll: Americans in battleground districts would strongly oppose Trump firing special counsel Robert Mueller
Congress passes bill to give veterans exposed to mustard gas another shot at benefits
Secret Service moves to NYC trailer after dispute at Trump Tower
EU to impose more Russia sanctions over Siemens case on Friday: diplomats
Yemenis, Iranians sue U.S. State Dept, ask for visas to be processed
McMaster: Susan Rice Did Nothing Wrong
Reporter: 8 or 9 people heard Trump call the WH a "real dump"
Some Of The Worst DC Swamp Monsters Are Republicans
The Justice Department Is Reviewing Obama-Era Journalist Protections
Trump leaves on 17-day break at golf course as Russia investigation intensifies
Poll: 80 percent of voters disapprove of GOP handling of health care
The White House has thrown its credibility away
Sessions threatens to subpoena press over leaks to make Trump happy
Ex-intel chief warns Trump: Firing Mueller 'would be Watergate in slow motion'
Trump Heads To His New Jersey Golf Club For 17-Day 'Working Vacation'
US officially pulls out of UN’s Paris climate deal
Trump is trying to politicize intelligence to support his Iran policy. That's dangerous.
Maxine Waters next House speaker: Dem activist
US says it will join UN climate talks despite exit from Paris Accord
Democratic Socialists Are Hosting Their Largest Convention Ever This Weekend, At UIC
Jeff Sessions' Tough Talk On Leaks Heightens Fears Of Jailing Journalists
Vox Sentences: Leaks, and the leaking leakers who leak them
Dems to Mattis: Don't comply with Trump's 'unconstitutional' transgender ban
Trump admits he punked his supporters on Mexico paying for the wall
Jared Kushner’s Family Business Has Been Subpoenaed
Collins, Murkowski take CNN behind the scenes of the health care battle
Sessions: Trump admin reviewing policy on media subpoenas
Trump's approval at 33%, 'Sharknado 3' at 29%
McCain: 'You can thank Putin' for low relations with Russia
Pence turned over all state-related emails from personal accounts: report
Marijuana company buys entire US town to create 'cannabis-friendly municipality'
Donald 'I don't take vacations' Trump takes vacation
Trump delays announcement of trade action against China
‘This deal will make me look terrible’: Full transcripts of Trump’s calls with Mexico and Australia
If Trump were an immigrant, he'd probably be deported
In every state, majorities oppose Trump’s proposed ban on transgender military service
Jeff Sessions bows to Trump pressure and launches crackdown on leakers
Trump administration weighs slashing mortgage deduction
Yemenis, Iranians suing the State Department over Trump's travel ban
Opinion | Based on the immigration system he endorsed, Trump would not get a green card
The myth that all black students get a free ride is just that — a myth
Robert Reich: Are Republicans plotting to oust Trump? He thinks so
Shields and Brooks on Trump’s GOP pushback, Russia probe grand jury
Conservative author D'Souza says he briefed Bannon, Gorka on new book
What Jeff Sessions Will Never Understand About Affirmative Action
Trump jumps the gun on jobs report tweet -- again
Why Trump's White House fears April Ryan, one of America's most successful black journalists
Australia’s Prime Minister Slowly Realizes Trump Is a Complete Idiot
New Yorker releases audio of Scaramucci interview
Sessions: Trump admin reviewing policy on media subpoenas
Senate passes bill to give terminally ill patients access to experimental drugs
The real fascists are the friends we made along the way
New York state has became the latest locality to push back against federal immigration agents’ presence in courthouses.
NU Professor, Oxford Employee Wanted in Slaying Arrested
Bari Weiss and the neoconservative hold on the Democratic Party establishment
Parsing the Statement of Manafort’s Lawyer
The real reasons behind the Toyota and Mazda announcement of a new U.S. factory
Four charged with leaks from Trump administration as attorney general vows crackdown
Norman Lear to boycott Kennedy Center Honors reception over Trump
White House unaware of grand jury in Russia probe
Republicans in Congress should be braver
Note to Trump: Non-English speaking immigrants turned West Virginia into a coal powerhouse
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
Chris Cuomo Gets Into Heated Debate With Kellyanne Conway On Live TV
National security adviser attempts to reconcile Trump’s competing impulses on Afghanistan
North Korean ICBM Appears Able to Reach Major US Cities
Sebastian Gorka thinks “the president’s Twitter feed” will solve the North Korean crisis
Hillary Wants to Preach: Religion is playing a big role in Clinton’s post-election tour. What does she have to gain from sharing her faith now?
Kushner subpoenaed for issuing green cards while the administration takes them away
The More You KN-0w About North Korean Missiles
Trump’s reverse Midas touch
Soldiers Promised Fast-track Naturalization Sue Pentagon
Communication Regarding Intent To Withdraw From Paris Agreement
Court Rejects a Murder Conviction and Sentences in Blackwater Case
“The DOJ is open for business” - Sessions looking into when he can force journalists to reveal sources
Today’s Impeach-O-Meter: Golf Party!
Carter Page has been under an intelligence surveillance warrant since 2014
The House recently sided with big banks over consumers
Video: Ed Gillespie Says He Would Defund Planned Parenthood in Virginia
Jeff Sessions May Force Reporters To Reveal Sources Of Leaks
His Grace, Donald Trump
Trump to go on 17-day getaway to private golf club in N.J.
Why the leaked presidential transcripts are so frightening
New bare-chested Putin photos released — 2017 edition, aquatic theme
The Rise of the Violent Left
A letter from H.R. McMaster said Susan Rice will keep her top-secret security clearance
Trump is delusional about his popularity
Meet the Reporter Driving Fox News’s Biggest, Craziest Stories
Health care repeal may be dead, but U.S. Rep. Justin Amash gets an earful at town hall
Jim Acosta Yells at Helicopter
The pitfalls of using Liu Xiaobo’s name in a silly American political game
Senators move to protect Mueller from Trump with new legislation
Military scrambles for transgender policy after Trump tweets
‘This is going to kill me’: Trump begged Mexico president to stay quiet about wall
Donald Trump Jr.'s Russia probe: Grand jury issues subpoenas in connection with Trump aides meeting Russian lawyer
U.S. to Join Climate Talks Despite Planned Withdrawal From Paris Accord
Seek climate advice through established routes: If the Trump administration has questions on global warming, it should direct them to the national academy rather than setting up a spurious ‘red team–blue team’ debate.
Can This National Security Council Handle a Real Crisis?
Trump: Praise for Justice and coal
Two Words That Should Scare the Trump Administration: Grand Jury
The Trump Administration Pledges to Crack Down on Leaks
How Obamacare fails my family
Why Aren't More Native Americans Members of the US Congress?
6 immigrants talk about the anxiety of living in Trump’s America
The barrier to single payer isn’t cost, it’s politics. Under SB 562, a Medicare-for-all bill, not only would every Californian be guaranteed health coverage, but all premiums, as well as deductibles and copays, would be eliminated.
Top FBI officials could testify against Trump
Trump: 'There were no Russians in our campaign'
Hispanic Republicans see political peril in Trump immigration plan
Trump Nominates New 7th Circuit Judge, Wisconsin Attorney
Leaked Trump transcripts show his incoherent, ill-informed narcissism
The job market just recovered from the recession
Watch: Jeff Sessions Says DOJ Could Force Media to Give up Sources
Former Mexican President Vicente Fox drops f-bomb about Trump's wall, again
Trump’s Generals Are Trying to Save the World. Starting With the White House.
Jeff Sessions holds news conference on White House leak investigations - live updates
Uber, PepsiCo, PayPal and JPMorgan Chase are latest businesses to oppose Texas bathroom bill
President Trump is going on vacation to Bedminster. His critics are going to hate it
Trey Gowdy Wasted Millions on Benghazi Witch Hunt &amp; He’s About to be More Powerful than Ever
Attorney General Sessions Holds News Conference on Leaks
White House Colludes With Fox News to Embrace Disinformation
What is a grand jury and how serious is it for Donald Trump?
Secret Service Post Moves From Trump Tower to a Trailer
Sessions: "This nation must end the culture of leaks"
Obamacare Rage in Retrospect
The Trump administration is waging war on diversity
The Atlantic Politics &amp; Policy Daily: Make Juries Grand Again
One weird trick Democrats could use to stop stumbling over Pelosi and abortion questions
Democratic governors: Jim Justice 'deceived' West Virginia
Senate bill would require court's approval for Trump firing Mueller
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
He has the cash and the name recognition. Is Gavin Newsom unstoppable? In the race to succeed Gov. Jerry Brown, it’s Newsom’s job to lose, analysts say
President Trump reacts to bad news by railing on Hillary Clinton's emails
Vox: Top FBI officials could testify against Trump
The Transformation of the ‘American Dream’
Civility is Gone, Don't Let It Devolve into Violence
Schwarzenegger unveils initiative to tweak Trump on climate
GOP lawmakers square off against Trump
5 things Trump did while you weren't looking: Week 9
Trump to West Virginians: 'Are there any Russians here tonight?'
California speaker recall effort reflects Democratic tension
Dana Loesch takes aim at “old gray hag” New York Times in NRA TV commercial
Strong U.S. jobs report seen in July; wages likely rose
Trump turns on GOP Congress
Leak Investigations Triple Under Trump, Sessions Says
Trump will blame anyone for anything — except Russia for its conduct
Fox News anchor says Trump 'misrepresented the truth' — again
‘God, I wish I had jury duty:’ Late-night TV hosts roast Trump over D.C. grand jury, local milk people
Why religious identities are not immune to robust criticism – Paul Russell
National security adviser attempts to reconcile Trump’s competing impulses on Afghanistan
Even after flurry of Senate action, Cabinet agencies are still understaffed in Trump’s 7th month
Tweet first, read later: Trump shares article blaming his policies for health care price increases
Donald Trump is going on a 17-day vacation. Who cares? Except...
Vicente Fox drops f-bomb on CNN
Reminder: Trump prefers talking with Putin over his closest allies, because Putin is more "pleasant"
Senators Introduce 2 Bills To Try To Keep Trump From Firing Mueller
It's official: Here's why Trump's working vacation starts today in N.J.
US attorney general says four charged in crackdown on leaks
Mueller Crosses Trump’s ‘Red Line,’ As Aides Pray Trump Behaves
Mueller’s job would be protected by bipartisan Senate bill
Why Trumponomics cannot make America great again
As investigation intensifies, Trump crows to crowd.
Trump: 'You can thank Congress' for U.S.-Russia relationship at all-time low
America Literally Can't Afford More Military Adventurism
Trump Kicks Off 17-Day Vacation at His New Jersey Golf Club
Female Retired Marine With Viral Campaign Ad Hopes To Bridge Gap In Democratic Party
Asylum seekers flee U.S. for Quebec, fearing their temporary permits will expire
Sex &amp; the City's Cynthia Nixon tipped for New York governor.
White House anger over leaks grows, crackdown promised
'Local milk people': Donald Trump's odd expression inspires memes
Susan Rice didn’t do anything wrong, Trump administration finds: report
Why John Kelly's military leadership skills may play a critical role in Trump's success
'We don't have leverage.' Why the US can't stop the Yemen war.
Mueller Crossing "The Red Line" and he's not looking back!
Trump-Russia probe expands to possible financial crimes: report
Will Mega-Billionaire Rescue America From GOP’s Insurance Mayhem? – OpEd
Trump: We don't want fake news in the US
Trump attorney: Still no reason to believe he’s under investigation
‘You cannot say that to the press’: Trump urged Mexican president to end his public defiance on border wall, transcript reveals
Justice Dept. threatens to cut funds for San Bernardino despite it not being a sanctuary city
Will Trump backlash make American socialists great again?
Americans Urge Trump Administration To Preserve Marine Sanctuaries
Memo to Mark Zuckerberg: So You Want to Be President ...
Trump calls New Hampshire a 'drug-infested den' in call with Mexican leader
x We’re Back to Manafort – Talking Points Memo
Trump plays healthcare politics while Americans get stuck with the bill
Big-name US senators are joining the push to crack down on kleptocrat-friendly shell companies
President Trump Will Be Joined on Vacation By a Drone
Second billboard bashing Sen. Mitch McConnell posted on I-65 south
Sessions Says Trump Administration Has Tripled Number of Leak Probes
A Bizarre Case at USC Shows How Broken Title IX Enforcement Is Right Now
What a Trump Impeachment Might Mean for Markets
Who's who at the EPA? Latest staff picks continue alarming trend.
US Senators Prepare Bill to Block Firing of Special Counsel
'Poetic justice' to hold convention of black American lawyers in Canada: Jesse Jackson
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
Senator Stabenow Announces Medicare at 55 Act
Senate blocks Trump from making recess appointments
Donald Trump is going on a 17-day vacation. Who cares? Except...
Trump's first U.N. General Assembly: An insider's guide
Nearly half of counties have no providers or one for health insurance on the Obamacare exchanges?
Secret Service vacates Trump Tower command post after lease dispute: report
Trump Sees Women As Business Animals Or 'secretaries'
Cities baffled as Jeff Sessions targets them on immigration
Colbert rewrites Statue of Liberty poem for Trump era
Trump rallies his base against Russia investigation
Sessions vows crackdown on leaks of classified information
Comeback for 'legalized money laundering' in party politics?
Trump to Australian prime minister: 'Putin was a pleasant call, this is ridiculous'
House Republican staff argue for contempt charges against CFPB director
Mueller Plunges Across Trump's Red Line
NAACP Issues Travel Advisory for Missouri, Citing "New Jim Crow" Law
Nitish kumar quits as chief minister of bihar
China is our enemy, not Pakistan: Mulayam Singh Yadav in Parliament
finally a plane landed after 37 years
Demonetisation
School Teachers Can’t Wear T-Shirts, Chew Pan Or Use Phone Unnecessarily, Orders UP CM Yogi ~ NonStop Masala
After Result Reaction /Sarcastic/
PM Modi says a donkey is inspirational
BJP Goa announces 21 shortlisted candidates
Kill them all: The Art of Genocide
dirty politics!!
TIME Person of the Year Poll Results: Narendra Modi Wins
Black money
Can Pakistan or anyone not print the fake currency notes of new ₹2000 and ₹500....????
Dirty Politics
Indian citizen arrested for controversial FB posts on PM Modi, RSS leaders
Twitteratis hail Indian Army, Modi for surgical strikes
What gave rise to the Kaveri River Dispute
15 August 2016 Independence Day in India, Share and Celebrate...
List of Chief Ministers in India
Srinagar school in trouble for ‘banning’ Islamic dress
Does Bangladeshi People hate Indians?
Are you with Modi's - 'congress mukt bharat'
JNU Student logic
(NEW!) Big Fat White Whore Fucks And Sucks Big Black Dick In Hotel IzHfQf0r
स्मृति इरानी ने संसद में हेट स्पीच दिया है : जेएऩयू मामले का आरोपी
Modi's joke on Manmohan - Killer
Reddit sucks cock
Reddit stopped me for football
Why is trump good?
Shameful deb fischer! Gag
McConnell gang
PoliSpectrum - A website to give readers a holistic review of critical issues in politics
Three stooges
Military Chief Goes Against Trump on U.S. Transgender Policy
Fruit not far...
Reddit not current?
Hi I'm twelve.
CNN v Reddit
Correct Politics is an Orwellian Concept
Boston Tuft's Nurses Strike - Picket Lines Mean Do Not Cross! 12 July 2017
A House Democrat has filed the first articles of impeachment against President Trump
Why the religious right worship Trump
We've done nothing and we're running out of ideas.
Government Spyware Targets Mexican Journalists and Their Families
Reality Winner has been arrested for whistleblowing and I was wondering what your opinion on that is! [1 min survey]
The Insane Travel and Leisure Costs of the Trump Presidency
Property Rights or Democracy: Cajamarca votes against AngloGold Ashanti
The Vitriol That Is American Politics
Developers now have an API to check Trump's prison status
(Video) The Real Reason Why Snoop Dogg Hate’s President Trump? #LavenderVideo
Miami Ad School Students Highlight Products Made by Refugees in a Clever Sticker Campaign
Don’t Let Them Eat Cake: Maduro’s War Against Bakeries
Does the Muslim ban make us safer? An exploration of terrorism data
Dutch Election (with a Dutch Donald Trump leading in the polls) coming up. Here's all you need to know.
Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be VettedC. Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be Vetted
Is Ecuador in the door of a political crisis?
Venezuela latest delay in delivering oil to Russia and China, will make Maduro lost their support?
New Political Party to Take on Trump
SHOCKING NEWS: Vladimir Putin caught doing COCAINE
Puppet Prime Minister - Canadian Politics 101
Monday Night Talk 10-31-2016 featuring Massachusetts 9th Congressional District Forum
Veritas video subersive that says “Yeah, and nobody is really supposed to know about me.” has been doing dirty work for a long time.
Unconditional Free Income due to #AI eliminating jobs... spot.com
Trump or Hillary? Who to Vote for this Election
Did Clinton propose drone strike against Julian Assange??
Hear Otzi The Iceman Speak Again After 5,000 Years Of Silence
Slimepot Hillary Clinton
DNC Leak Reveals System for Automated Voter Fraud
Hillary: 'RAISE TAXES ON THE MIDDLE CLASS!' - How to Waste Your Life RANT
The Media Forgets
Jill Stein will put Snowden in her cabinet if elected
Announcement: r/Politics is moving to a whitelist domain submission model - please read
Saturday Political Cartoon Thread
Pence under scrutiny for using campaign lawyers to hide emails in Indiana
Trump Caught on Video Playing Golf When He Claimed He Was Working and Stuff
Al Gore to Bill Maher: 'It's time to get rid of the electoral college'
White supremacy week at the White House: Even by Trump standards, the racism was dialed to 11
The Russia investigation is getting serious — and President Trump is feeling the heat
Column: If Donald Trump were an immigrant, he'd probably be deported
'Barack Obama Day' Is Now an Illinois Holiday
Meet the Democrats Running on Single-Payer Health Care
Trump Sends Anonymous Official to Defend Vacation And Hide Golf Games
Tillerson, Russian foreign minister meet in Manila: interfax
Donald Trump won the election, and we don’t know whether he colluded — but he’s not a legitimate president
MIke Pence Preparing 2020 Election Run Against ‘Weak’ Trump? Vice-Presidents Team Denies Explosive Claim
How Anthony Scaramucci rose to the top of Wall Street, sold his company, tanked his marriage, and traded it all for a wild 10 days in Trump's White House
Trump relatively quiet on opioid crisis, despite campaign vows
U.S. Prepared to Launch ‘Preventive War’ Against North Korea, Says H.R. McMaster
Fox News host Eric Bolling suspended over 'lewd messages'
'Improvised explosive device' behind Minnesota mosque blast, FBI says
Why Won’t Media Outlets Report Mosque Bombings As Deliberate Terrorism
White House Tries To Shut Down Speculation That Mike Pence Is Preparing For 2020 Run
Warren: 'I am not running for president, I'm doing my work'
How Trump's FCC aided Sinclair's expansion
Flake: I wish GOP had stood up to birtherism
Trump presidency is destroying marriages across the country
Dean Heller’s Reward for Caving to Trump on Health Care? $1 Million From Mitch McConnell.
Mueller requests White House records on Flynn: NYT
GOP debates deep cut to corporate tax rate
How Randy Bryce, the Iron Stache, Plans to Take Down Paul Ryan
McCain: Republicans 'see weakness' in Trump
Schiff: Russia probe 'moving into new phase' with grand jury
Trump administration stirs alarm over voter purges
Donald Trump broke an obscure but important rule when he bragged about US jobs report
"This is not a vacation": Trump kicks off 17-day trip with tweets, golf
Why Trump Invokes ‘Common Sense’ It serves as a justification for his policies and as an antidote to expert opinion.
Donald Trump: A 71-year-old Man Who Needs A Military General To Manage His Twitter Use
Dear Liberals, Ivanka Trump Was Never Your Ally
Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks prompt strong reaction in New Hampshire
House GOP staffers fly to London to find Steele, invite to testify expected
Double standard decried as Minnesota mosque bombed
'We're coming for you': NRA attacks New York Times in provocative video
“We’ve never seen this before”: Canada struggles to deal with “intense” influx of asylum seekers from U.S.
Donald Trump has a sickening fetish for cruelty
Imagine if Hillary Clinton behaved as Donald Trump has
Dems face fundamental problem in Texas: Getting people to vote
Maker of Clinton Sting Video Broke Campaign Law, FEC Says
Conway, ABC host tangle over Trump's involvement in son's statement
Germany's Martin Schulz Says Trump 'Far Worse' Than Expected
National Butterfly Center Founder: Trump’s Border Wall Prep ‘Trampling on Private Property Rights’
The officers of the Buffalo Police Department went more than four years and 2 million calls without a fatal shooting. What did they do right?
Trump losing ground with his base
Why Is Donald Trump Still So Horribly Witless About the World?
The Trump Administration Just Dealt a Big Setback to Affordable Housing
Trump is reportedly considering hardline nationalist Stephen Miller for White House communications director
Trump claims New Jersey getaway is 'not a vacation.'
Mueller, Trump, Russia: Your Weekend Briefing
Norman Lear, Kennedy Center Honoree, To Skip White House Reception In Protest
Bill de Blasio Will Push for Tax on Wealthy to Fix Subway
White House warns ‘potentially ambitious’ Republicans about 2020
Kellyanne Conway yells “Benghazi!” as veteran anchor nails Trump team for Russia lies
Rosenstein Says Trump Russia Probe Is Not a ‘Fishing Expedition’
Jeff Flake: Trump calling lawmakers 'clowns and losers' isn't presidential
These Americans beat Donald Trump and saved Obamacare. They say they can do it again
Minnesota mosque explosion: FBI says it is investigating possible hate crime
Nearly 50 Senators Want to Make It a Felony to Boycott Israel
It’s Officially Barack Obama Day In Illinois
In Trumpcare's Demise, Public Option Emerges Ahead Of 2018 Elections
Black people aren’t keeping white Americans out of college. Rich people are.
White House ‘Enemies List’ Drove McMaster-Bannon Feud
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
Stop the FCC and Investigate AT&amp;T, Verizon, Et Al.
Republicans are quietly positioning themselves to challenge Trump in 2020
Strong reaction in New Hampshire to Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
New Sexual Harassment Allegations Leveled Against Fox News’ Eric Bolling. The accusations came just hours after the network announced it had suspended Bolling.
Trump now has the votes to feed U.S. fracking frenzy with new gas pipelines
Vice President Mike Pence to Headline Koch Summit
FBI: 'Improvised explosive device' caused blast at Bloomington Islamic center
Donald Trump Is Proposing Massive Funding Cuts for Toxic Waste Cleanup
Greed is not good: Will the Trump team disasters finally put an end to the businessman myth?
Sessions Put Together a Task Force to Justify Cracking Down on Legal Marijuana. It Said Things Should Stay the Same.
Mike Pence Just Turned Over His Personal Emails, but Trump Is Still Focused on Hillary Clinton
Federal employees step up defiance of Trump
Rosenstein: We're after the leakers, not the journalists
Trump’s Base of Support Is Collapsing
Republicans Plot 2020 Election Plans To Throw Trump Under the Bus
Opioid Users Are Filling Jails. Why Don’t Jails Treat Them?
Insana: Thank global growth for Dow 22,000, not Trump
Bernie Sanders writing teen guide to political revolution
Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak says he and Michael Flynn discussed 'simple things'
Clinton chief of staff compares Trump White House 'chaos' to television 'telenovelas'
Rosenstein: Trump has not ordered investigation of 'particular people'
LGBTQ Suicide Hotline Calls from Transgender Youth Spike Under Trump
Minnesota mosque attacked, bomb thrown through window, police say
Former Mexican president mocks Donald Trump over golf holiday: 'If you're not happy with job, just leave'
Rosenstein: Impaneling grand jury doesn't say anything about likelihood of indictments
ACLU Sounds Alarm Over Trump Administration’s ‘Threat’ To Free Speech
Civil rights group says it will sue Trump admin over transgender military ban
Trump's Support Among White Voters Plummeted And His Approval Rating Sunk
Report breaks down how much Congressmen are getting from Pharma PACs
Israel to American Jews: You Just Don’t Matter
Donald Trump's 17-day break 'not a vacation', US President insists.
Eric Bolling suspended from Fox News after allegations of lewd texting
The Yakima Terror: Ninety years ago in Washington, a wave of anti-immigrant sentiment resulted in horror for Filipinos.
Trump is Making New Legal Immigrant Legislation that would prevent most of our ancestry - including his own grandfather
Conway: Trump 'plans on being a two term president'
‘This is like medicine to him’: why Trump still needs the love of the crowd
The Mooch's replacement could be Stephen Miller
Trump Tweets Support For DOJ’s Leak Crackdown: ‘The Tougher The Better’
Gulf War vet becomes first woman in 25 years to lead a major veterans organization
The Policies of White Resentment
The Oklahoman- Rep Mullins stock ownership raises conflict of interest concerns
Donald Trump's Pathetic Lies. Even after two years on the political stage, Trump continues to outdo himself. His penchant for lies resembles an incorrigible alcoholic's thirst for drink: He lives for the next one and can't abstain, no matter what it costs him.
George Will warns ‘grotesque’ is becoming normal for GOP
As Trump Sings Coal’s Praises, Mine Fatalities Are on the Rise
ALEC Push for Constitutional Convention Hits a Roadblock of Infighting, Legal Questions
When a Candidate Conspired With a Foreign Power to Win An Election
Opioid addiction centres in US fear becoming 'dead in the water' if Obamacare collapses
Christie: Everybody knows now Trump Jr.'s meeting was a 'bad idea'
Donald Trump has a sickening fetish for cruelty
White House to become less 'dump'-like in Trump's absence
How the Senate Is Subtly Resisting Trump by Not Taking a Recess
Tillis: Legislation important to 'reestablish the public trust' in DOJ
Fox News suspends Eric Bolling amid sexual harassment allegations
White House to become less ‘dump’-like in Trump’s absence
Don't blame Putin for Trump's presidency, blame American voters
President Donald Trump’s slowness to nominate members to an energy commission helped cause a bureaucratic logjam that held up $13 billion in pipeline and gas-export projects
The Latest: Trump’s Ukraine envoy to visit Moscow for talks
McConnell overplays hand in Alabama Senate race
GOP senator: Trump may have been only one who didn't realize complexity of healthcare
Maybe the A.I. dystopia is already here
Trump Casino Trademarks In Macau, "Gambling Capital Of The World," Spark Speculation Of Business Expansion
Senators move to protect special counsel in Russia probe
Sanders Introduces Rule to Require Fair Pricing on Taxpayer-Funded Drugs
Trump defends trip to Bedminster: 'This is not a vacation'
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents - New York Times
Lupica: Jeff Sessions’ war on free press is the bigger threat to national security
Republicans aren’t tired of winning under Trump. In fact, more think they’re losing.
Sessions “wrongly targets National Security whistleblowers”
Pence to Speak at Conservatives’ Meeting Organized by Koch Brothers
Nissan Workers in Mississippi Vote Against Joining Union After Threats
Ex-Bush ethics lawyer: Use lie detectors on the White House press secretary
Jeff Sessions' Attack on the Media Is Worse Than You Think
ALEC’s Attack on Public Education: A Report from the Frontlines
Fake news site posts that North Korea’s Kim Jong Un is dead for second time in a month
On Russia, Two Trumps: In D.C., Constrained; For The Nation, Defiant
Tillerson Hails U.N. Sanctions, as Chinese Minister Rebukes North Korea at Asean Meeting
The list of things that Michael Flynn could be charged for seems to be expanding
Collins: Trump ‘can’t set red lines’ for Justice Department probe of Russia ties
Mueller asked White House for documents related to Flynn, report says
Serving God by suing others: Inside the Christian conservative legal movement
The Policies of White Resentment
California Will Sue The Trump Administration Over Sanctuary Cities — REPORT
Medicare for All hosts forum to educate community on single payer options
John McCain on Republican confidence in Trump for 2020: 'They see weakness in this president'
Russia's Lavrov: we feel U.S. readiness to continue dialogue | Reuters
Student loans forgiveness for public servents up in the air!
Search For Author of Dossier Led by GOP members
UN Security Council votes unanimously to impose new sanctions on North Korea after missile tests
LBJ signs Voting Rights Act, Aug. 6, 1965
Obama Alumni Jump Into Congressional Races Across the Country
Wisconsin workers getting left behind
New Chief of Staff Reins in White House Aides-and Trump's Tweets
Trump was almost the president in ‘Sharknado,’ after Sarah Palin turned down the role
U.S. Justice Department not looking to charge journalists for leaks: official
Black college leaders’ report card on Trump: Still awaiting action
Stephen Miller considered for White House communication director job: report
Rouhani warns Trump he 'risks his political life' over Iran nuclear deal as he implores Europe to defend agreement.
Congressmen oppose Texas wildlife refuge as border wall site
The Border Crackdown is Forcing Migrants to Become Mexican Cartel Slaves
The future of the Democratic Party could be written in upcoming gubernatorial races
Mueller investigation enters new phase
Trump Administration Threatens Freedom of the Press in New Leaks Crackdown
Fox Host Eric Bolling Suspended Pending Results Of Lewd Text Messages Probe
The battle over science in the Trump administration
U.S. Reportedly Intercepted Suspected Russian Agents' Chatter That Manafort Asked for Their Help With Clinton
GOP senator: US-Russia relationship 'not good right now' because of Putin
The Latest: Trump Defends His Working Vacation
Understanding the Christian Broadcasting Network, the force behind the latest pro-Trump TV newscast
Who benefits from discriminatory college admissions policies? White males - LA Times
The Battle Over Smog Is Heating Up (Again)
Trump supporters' optimism starting to wear off
Jump In US Expats Renouncing Citizenship
The GOP has become the party of the grotesque
Testing the CEO President
Bobby Sticks It to Trump
Remaining Trump Supporters Aren't Doing Themselves Any Favors
Tillerson doubles down as China takes new hard line on North Korea
Stephen Miller is being considered for White House communications director: Report
Big rise in number of Justice Department active leak probes
Dirty energy's quiet war on solar panels
White House policy adviser downplays Statue of Liberty's famous poem
Other Views: Three reasons why taxpayers should question the Foxconn deal
Republican Shadow Campaign for 2020 Takes Shape as Trump Doubts Grow
Amazon is selling toilet paper with Donald Trump's tweets printed on it. Happy wiping!
Bill Maher: Donald Trump Is ‘Capable’ Of Ordering Assassinations
Trump’s lawyers reportedly warned him against transgender military ban
After sanctions, Tillerson may find Russia talks an uphill climb
Florida will pay $82,000 after losing vote-by-mail lawsuit
The man fighting Donald Trump to preserve America’s national monuments
Paul Ryan embarrassed by constituents at fake town hall
Is Mueller’s Grand Jury Impeachment Step One?
Gorka: Trump's Twitter feed 'powerful' enough to make China act on North Korea
UN Security Council imposes new sanctions on North Korea
Toyota plans truck, possibly SUV production in Mexico after Trump threat
Trump's desperate plea: Impeach me, please!
Trump mingles with wedding guests at New Jersey golf course
Loaded word of the week: Cosmopolitan
Tired Of Winning? Trump’s Struggles Mean Even Republicans Think They’re Losing
Nissan Mississippi workers vote heavily against unionization
Bobby Sticks It to Trump
Insane Federal Bill Would Strip Trans People of Their Civil Rights
Trump eyes top policy aide for communications director role: official
Pence calls rumors he will run in 2020 ‘absurd’
Dem tells Obama: 'We miss your intellect and integrity' in the White House
Seth Rich Murder: Did Trump Support Fake News at Fox News?
After six months of accomplishing nothing, can Congress pivot?
Vicente Fox mocks Trump over vacation: 'If you're not happy with your job, just leave'
Booker on hug with McCain after healthcare vote: 'I'm a hugger'
Trump's Approval Rating Is The Opposite Of Obama's At This Point In His First Term (That's Bad For Donald)
White House reporters explain why ‘palace intrigue’ actually matters
In Water is Wet News, Trump Supports Have Change of Heart
McConnell to consider bipartisan plan to pay health insurers
Collins acknowledges GOP ignoring some of Trump’s ‘over the top’ rhetoric
Special Counsel's Office Seeks White House Documents on Flynn
They’re Building a Trump-Centric Movement. But Don’t Call It Trumpism.
In Afghan review, Trump's frustration carries echoes of Obama years
Prostitution decriminalized: Rhode Island's experiment
Congress Leaves Town Exhausted, Unsuccessful and Frustrated
Not taking a vacation on Twitter, Trump offers thoughts on Sessions, the U.N. and his time in Jersey
Jobs report disputes Trump claim that immigration hurts U.S. workers and lowers wages
Norman Lear plans to boycott Kennedy Center Honors reception hosted by Trump
With His Back Against The Wall, Trump Again Turns To Grievance Politics
Meet the new U.S. senators
Iran's Rohani, Sworn in for Second Term, Says Trump Is an Unreliable Partner to the World
GOP Senator Laughs In Woman’s Face When Asked To Stop Taking Fossil Fuel Money
Sessions' media attack just for Trump
Anderson Cooper's Show Mocks Vacationing Donald Trump With Snarky Chyron
Four tribes of Trump's GOP opposition
Mandatory composting? Gavin Newsom isn’t shying away from his liberal record
Trump praises AG Sessions' plans to combat leaks
The Democratic Socialists of America hit 25,000 members. Here’s why this could mark a political turning point
Why Trump Supporters Distrust Immigration and Diversity
Gov. Brown Supports California “Sanctuary Cities” Lawsuit
Is Trump’s Turmoil Slowing Economic Growth?
Calvo asks United Nations to visit Guam, press U.S. on decolonization
FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
UN Ambassador Nikki Haley: 'We're prepared to do whatever it takes' on North Korea
Trump leaves on 17-day break at golf course as Russia investigation intensifies
New Firehouse/0ptimus survey: Trump's Shrinking Base
Transgender Soldiers Want the Dignity of Serving Their Country
Meet the Reporter Driving Fox News’s Biggest, Craziest Stories
Trump and his real, and unreal, phone calls
Trump's "America First" Energy Plan Is A Losing Proposition For Industry. Here's Why.
Trump adviser Stephen Miller could expand White House role, but talks remain informal
Far-right Bannon Affiliates Attack McMaster for Being 'Controlled by Jews' and 'Hostile to Israel'
Nissan workers in Canton, Mississippi, voted against unionizing on Friday by a margin of 2,244 to 1,307.
Black plans to keep Budget chair ‘for the time being’
UN imposes tough new sanctions on North Korea
Paul Ryan: Intel leaks 'the problem of the leaker, not the journalist'
NRA spokesperson to New York Times: 'We're coming for you'
All Eyes Are on Tillerson and North Korean Counterpart at Asean Meeting
Trump files notice to withdraw from Paris agreement, planning instead to promote fossil fuels
Hollywood picks Gavin Newsom over Antonio Villaraigosa in California's race for governor
In the race to be California's next governor, Newsom raises more money than Villaraigosa, Chiang and Eastin combined
Pence blasts NYT report about 2020 ambitions
Mueller requests White House documents on Flynn: report
The Mooch's Worst Week in Washington
Affirmative Action and the Myth of Reverse Racism - The Atlantic
Not taking a vacation on Twitter, Trump offers thoughts on Sessions, the U.N. and his time in Jersey
Trump Is Wrong if He Thinks Symphonies Are Superior
Trump’s lawyers reportedly warned against backlash from trans military ban
Would you even care if he was guilty?
Trump’s Worst Week Since Last Week
Al Gore thought Trump ‘might come to his senses’ on climate change. Nope.
Mayor: Trump Missed Opportunity to Address Opioids
A White Director, the Police and Race in ‘Detroit’
President Trump settles in for 17-day vacation at his secluded New Jersey club
Linn County social security numbers 'accidentally' sent to GOP
House Intel member: Kushner meticulous, "not a novice"
Australian TV panel tries to discuss leaked Trump transcripts, can’t stop laughing
Trump ‘appreciates’ China, Russia backing on North Korea sanctions
Pope Francis's Associates Condemn American Religious Right
What you need to know about the Senate’s “right-to-try” bill
Newsweek's new cover calls President Trump a 'Lazy Boy'
U.S. gives official notice of withdrawal from Paris climate agreement
Civil rights groups to sue over Trump's plan for transgender military ban
Former Democratic Texas governor Mark White dies at 77
The GOP has become the party of the grotesque
How Trump's latest affirmative action move uses the Asian "model minority" as a prop
10-year-old transgender N.J. girl: 'I feel way more happier now that I know who I am'
'Lazy Boy' Trump Has Taken More Vacation Than Obama Did in 8 Years
I'm Beto O'Rourke, and I'm challenging Ted Cruz in 2018
In Afghan review, Trump's frustration carries echoes of Obama years
Donald Trump Is The Fast-Food President.
The future of the Democratic Party could be written in upcoming gubernatorial races
Migrant deaths at US-Mexico border increase 17% this year, UN figures show
Trump defends national security adviser H.R. McMaster amid calls for his firing
In the Age of Trump, the Service Industry Must Adapt to Nonstop Politics
Congress must prove its mettle this fall; it has no choice
McConnell-linked SuperPAC says it's all in for Heller
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents
Shirtless Vladimir Putin returns, this time killing small fish to prove his manhood
Clinton's Lewinsky scandal underlines grand jury's threat to Trump
Black People Don't Get Free College
Everyone in Congress is really stressed about the pee tape.
Strong Democratic candidates join the race to unseat anti-Obamacare Kentucky Republican.
GOP efforts to stabilize Obamacare markets might come too late
GOP senator flees from Ohio woman’s questions — in a golf cart
Trump takes break from White House with 'working vacation'
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
UN Security Council unanimously approves new sanctions on North Korea
Chuck Todd: 'I look forward to ignoring' DOJ subpoena
'Further action required' after UN North Korea missile test sanctions, Haley says
Rhode Island just made community college free
Jeh Johnson on leaks: 'I've never seen it this bad'
Failing Nuclear Power Is Good For Coal, Bad For Earth
Deputy Attorney General: Special counsel Mueller needs permission to expand Russia investigation
Maxine Waters: Pence should be impeached after Trump
What's the Deal, Mr. Trump?
The Big Banks and Corporations Financing Trump’s Deportation Machine
Laziest President in American History Departs for 17-Day Golf Resort Vacation
As Democrats Look To 2018, Abortion Emerges Divisive
Rumors Of "Purge List" Rattle White House Staff
White supremacists’ smear campaign against H.R. McMaster has officially begun
Sunday shows preview: Senators tout bill to protect Mueller
Fox's Jarrett calls grand juries 'undemocratic farce' one day after calling for one for Clinton
Vicente Fox trolls Trump again, slams his 17-day vacation: 'If you're not happy with your job, just leave'
Media's Grim Addiction to Perseverance Porn
Sessions deputy: justice department is 'after leakers, not journalists'
Old jabs about Obama vacations echo as Trump takes his own summer break
This week in Donald Trump’s conflicts of interest: Even the Russia scandal won’t deter him
U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact
The Muslim Americans leading the push to 'stand up and be leaders' in politics
GOP would rather pass no tax reform at all than endanger tax cuts for the rich
Pence on health care: 'It ain't over'
McConnell on healthcare failure: 'Feel better, Hillary Clinton could be president'
President Trump Dismisses Russia Questions as Grand Jury Impaneled
California preparing to sue Trump administration
Trump breaks federal rule about commenting on jobs report
These voters in Arizona are fed up with Democrats, Republicans and Trump
Thousands Of Asylum Seekers Are Fleeing To Canada Because They're Afraid Of Being Deported By Trump
House Republican says Trump was just joking when he repeatedly vowed Mexico would pay for the wall
Betsy DeVos Refuses to Take a Stand Against Discrimination, Again
The Memo: GOP questions Trump's Mueller strategy
Donor files RICO lawsuit against GOP for failing to repeal Obamacare
Diplomats laughing at Trump over leaked Mexico transcript
“The opposite of Teddy Roosevelt”: Donald Trump’s leaked transcripts have made him an international laughingstock
Will Colorado’s Health Insurance Industry Run One Of Its Own For Governor?
50 Years Ago, All Americans Won the Right to Vote. Today That Right Is Under Attack.
There’s no such thing as a Trump Democrat
How the upper middle class keeps everyone else out
Maher compares Trump to 'father of lies' Satan
Trump’s transgender military ban is now official policy
Murkowski, Sullivan Help Increase Treatment Options for Terminally Ill
Why Is Donald Trump Still So Horribly Witless About the World?
Waters: Mueller is going to win
Jeff Sessions might subpoena journalists to reveal leakers. Mike Pence once fought against that.
In The States, Republicans Have Never Been So Dominant — Or Vulnerable
Donald Trump's pathetic lies
U.S. will take 'prudent defensive measures' against North Korea threat: envoy
Trump's risky leak war
Haley: US will do 'whatever it takes' on NK
Jeff Sessions hints Department of Justice could force media to give up sources
Keep the Trump Leaks Coming
Trump’s Inner Circle Of People You’ve Never Heard Of
Week 11: Gone Fishing for Donald Trump
Trump is a one-man assault on the rule of law
Gallup Daily: Trump Job Approval
John L. Micek: Trump ditches 'real America' for Wall Street
Bill Maher Says Trump ‘Capable’ of Murder: ‘He Loves Dictators’
Former Russian ambassador Kislyak denies discussing secrets or sanctions with Michael Flynn
Forget ‘Tax Reform.’ Republicans Will Settle for Tax Cuts for the Rich.
Trump’s Fledgling Presidency Has Already Collapsed
This Trump real estate deal looks awfully like criminal tax fraud
Donald Trump fights back over his 17-day New Jersey break
Report: Mueller seeks details from WH on Flynn lobbying for Turkish businessman
White House Forced to Admit to Multiple Trump Lies
Trump's Transgender Ban Now Policy
You’re fired! Donald Trump’s theatrics vs political reality
Vets used as mustard gas test subjects by U.S. win victory in Congress
'A good man, very pro-Israel': Trump defends McMaster from far-right snipers
Murder Conviction Overturned In Infamous Blackwater Massacre Case
Federal task force reportedly recommends more marijuana study, no crackdown
Trump national security adviser stresses North Korea threat
Bernie Sanders Is Writing a Guide to Political Revolution for Teens
Trump supporters' optimism starting to wear off
Paul Ryan pushed back on Jeff Sessions' veiled threat to journalists
Stephen Colbert Wrote a New Poem for the Statue of Liberty, and He Hopes Stephen Miller Likes It
NH Gov. Chris Sununu calls Trump's 'drug-infested den' comment an 'aspersion'
Aetna CEO: Obamacare 'cannot be repealed, period'
Reggie Thomas looking to unseat Andy Barr in KY Dist. 6
Poor immigrants are the least likely group to use welfare, despite Trump’s claims
Donald Trump Had a Tough Week. Putin Went Sunbathing in Siberia.
Waters: Trump the most deplorable person I have met
Michael Flynn to disclose advisory role linked to Cambridge Analytica
Trump weighs slashing one of the most popular tax deductions
Trump’s wall will require large seizures of private land — and the cost is unknown - Mexico still isn't paying for it.
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents: New York Times
The Three Paradoxes Disrupting American Politics
At inauguration Hassan Rouhani urges more talks
'This Is Nuts': Trump Fumes to Generals That US Should Plunder Afghan Minerals
Republican Senators Sure Sound Afraid to Go Home to Their Constituents
Three more RNC staffers set to exit
California governor endorses potential 'sanctuary cities' lawsuit
Interior Department investigating Zinke for reportedly threatening senators over Trumpcare votes
WashPost Reporter: White House Never Tried to Stop Transcripts Story
Judge partially lifts drilling ban on Sunoco pipeline, postpones hearing
White House officials take pictures with author who compares Democrats to Nazis.
Ex-Russian diplomat downplays Flynn contact, denies election meddling
White House May Use Lie Detectors to Crack Down on Leaks
Trump praises Sessions for 'taking action' against leaks
Trump asserts support for McMaster
Iran Gains Ground in Afghanistan as U.S. Presence Wanes
US finalizes deal for new Air Force One jets once destined for Russian airliner
After Sanctions, Tillerson May Find Russia Talks an Uphill Climb
Trump’s Russia Defense Strategy: Bravado, Denial, and Mockery
Europe and USA on a collision course over Iran nuclear deal
Chicago to sue Trump administration over funding threat
Trump Administration accused of defying Supreme Court
Flynn files new financial form reporting ties to data firm
After six months, Pence has now turned over all state-related AOL emails, his attorney says
Trump increasingly isolated as disillusionment grows within his own party
The difference between illegal leaks and inconvenient leaks
Donald Trump likely to resign before Congress can impeach him, says senior Democrat
Pentagon Asks White House to Give Lethal Weapons to Ukraine
Why the NRA is going after the media
Court Throws Out Blackwater Guards' Sentences for 2007 Baghdad Massacre
Interior Department watchdog to investigate threat to Alaska senator on healthcare
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Washington State: Any Trump Administration Crackdown On Marijuana Would Be “Unacceptable”
Jeff Sessions promises crackdown on leaks in the US
A 'dark store' tax loophole enjoyed by Target and Lowe's is costing American schools billions
U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact
Number of trans calls to suicide hotlines more than double after Trump’s transphobic tweet
Journalist Sues FCC For Hiding Details About Its Alleged, Phantom DDOS Attack
Ajit Pai's anti-net neutrality plan gets the facts and law wrong, lawmakers say
Why Dana Rohrabacher's name keeps coming up in the Russia investigation
The Note: Reality closing in on Trump with grand jury investigation
Politics Briefing newsletter: 'Do not worry about Canada,' Trump says in leaked transcript
Planned Parenthood ban has caused decline in Texas women's access to health care, report says.
Trump staffers may start undergoing lie-detector testing to discover who is leaking according to Kellyanne-Conway
US willing to join UN climate talks despite its intent to exit from Paris agreement
'Sex and the City' actress Cynthia Nixon may run against Cuomo in gubernatorial primary
Analysis: Trump Turns to Russia Probe to Poke At His Critics
Former officials warn of damage from leaked conversations
Chicago to sue US Justice Department over funding threat
Fox isn’t the only White House cable news ally. Meet the Christian Broadcasting Network.
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Sanders Introduces Bill to Strengthen Veterans' Health Care
Dean Heller’s Reward for Caving to Trump on Health Care? A Million Dollars From Mitch McConnell.
Here Are 6 Things You Wouldn’t Know About the Trump Administration Without Leaks
Trump applauds UN for new sanctions against North Korea
Biden wishes Obama a happy birthday: You are a “gift”
The Moment the GOP Turned on Donald Trump
OPINION | The 5 types of Trump voter: How a fractured coalition can lead to broken promises
Trump retweets election map after W.Va. rally
Trump's 17-day holiday causes a stir
Trump’s Interests vs. America’s, Secret Service Edition
EPA head Scott Pruitt wants to quit enforcing environmental laws — but there’s a way to make him do his job
Senate Democrats Introduce Bill Allowing Medicare Buy-In At 55
How can Kelly tell Trump the truth when his entire presidency is built on lies?
Republican donor from Virginia Beach sues GOP, accusing the party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Trump's jobs tweet might have broken federal rules
Ex-Republican who left over Trump allowed to run as independent in race to replace Chaffetz
The US officially tells the UN it is quitting the Paris climate change deal
Russia's Kislyak: talks with Trump's ex-security aide 'absolutely transparent'
Newsweek's new cover calls President Trump a 'Lazy Boy'
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
Five Years after the Wisconsin Sikh Temple Tragedy, Much Work Remains to Protect Religious Freedom
Why Do Democrats Keep Losing in 2017?
U.S. Army to stop using Chinese-made DJI drones due to cyber-security concerns - National
Donald Trump widely mocked for his concerns over 'local milk people'
Trump sold his son Eric two $350,000 condos on Central Park - but it was a fair price, official insists, after tax lawyers question whether federal gift tax is owed
53 House Democrats warn Jim Mattis: Trump transgender ban is an 'unconstitutional directive'
Tillerson fears Moscow anger over counter-propaganda initiative
NH Gov. Chris Sununu calls Trump's 'drug-infested den' comment an 'aspersion'
Pence hands over AOL emails from time as Indiana’s governor
A look back at Trump’s anti-vacation tweets as he readies for 17-day vacation
Jeff Flake is trying to have it both ways: Kelli Ward
FBI tracked Election Day social media for fake news from Russia
Kushner Companies subpoenaed over use of visa program to fund developments
Toyota, Mazda plan $1.6 billion U.S. plant, will partner on electric vehicle technology
ACLU Comment on Justice Department Announcement on Leak Investigations
Politics Briefing newsletter: 'Do not worry about Canada,' Trump says in leaked transcript
Inside the bills aimed at checking Trump on firing Mueller
Stephen Bannon once guided a global firm that made millions helping gamers cheat
What to know about Mueller's use of a grand jury in the Russia probe
As Mueller Closes In, Republicans Turn Away From Trump
EPA Staffers Are Being Forced to Prioritize Energy Industry’s Wish List, Says Official Who Resigned in Protest
In 'Direct Attack on the First Amendment,' Sessions Declares War on Leaks
Rep. Denny Heck: Trump can't lie to the FBI
Trump Touts 'Clean Coal,' But His Policies Don't Support It
Why is Trump playing hateful gender politics with our military?
The War Against H.R. McMaster
There Are Lots of Women Running for Governor Right Now, and Some of Them Are Very, Very Bad
Trump touts 'excellent' jobs report, violating federal rule
Fox host accused of texting lewd images to colleagues: report
Justin Trudeau Rolling Stone Cover Is Brought To You By Desperate Times In America
How Senators Are Trying to Block Trump From Firing Mueller
There May Not Be As Many ‘Trump Democrats’ As Previously Imagined
Trump Defends McMaster as Conservatives Seek His Dismissal
Trump’s itchy Twitter finger just triggered speculation about an indictment
Why Trump vacation critics are dead wrong
President Trump Mocks Russia Investigation
Rod Rosenstein: Mueller needs to come to me if he wants to chase any crime outside scope of Russia probe
Why Trump’s Phone Call with Australia’s Prime Minister Will Haunt Him in Court
St. Johns County (Utah) Republican party member calls out transgender student
Trump begins 17-day vacation as troubles brew in Washington
White House considers lower deduction for U.S. homeowners
Huff, puff, pass? Attorney general's pot fury not echoed by task force.
Jeff Sessions gets slammed over Justice Department plan to cramp down on leaks
GOP lawmaker: My town hall crowd agreed Trump hasn’t been ‘civil’
Trump has a plan to make health insurance more expensive for you and the government
The Trump-Russia investigation is headed to a grand jury That's huge.
Trump’s reverse Midas touch
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Trump isn't going quiet on Russia. He's getting louder.
Mayor Emanuel says Chicago to sue Trump administration over its threat to withhold grants from "sanctuary cities."
Secret Service ditches Trump Tower space after lease dispute
Republican donor sues GOP for fraud over ObamaCare repeal failure
Trump Defends McMaster as Conservatives Seek His Dismissal
Air Force purchases bankrupt Russian firm's planes for Air Force One
Senate blocks Trump from making recess appointments over break
In Trump’s World, Whites Are the Only Disadvantaged Class
A Bill Intended to Stop Sex Trafficking Could Significantly Curtail Internet Freedom
A village in India named after US president Donald Trump
Sources: Trump administration to deliver notice it intends to withdraw from Paris climate deal
Is Jeff Sessions planning to crack down on legal pot? This letter suggests he might be.
'Death by a thousand cuts': Empty State Department offices sap morale, some staffers say
Facebook is starting to put more posts from local politicians into people’s News Feed
The Trump agenda, as told by Steve Bannon's whiteboard
Maxine Waters: Trump is the most deplorable person I’ve ever met
Jeff Sessions just escalated Trump's war with the media
A Conversation with Al Franken on Trump, the Senate, and Humor
Kellyanne Conway: Russian attack on U.S. not “an issue of potential national security”
Fact check: Trump overstates impact of immigration bill
‘Drug-infested den’ and ‘true American patriots’: Donald Trump’s map of America
Rogues' gallery: These are the Republicans most responsible for Obamacare
Rhode Island becomes 4th state to offer free community college tuition
Pope Francis' allies accuses US Catholics of forming an 'alliance of hate' to back Trump
Eric Trump accuses Twitter of censorship
What’s so “moderate” about constant warmongering?
DGA Statement on Jim Justice Announcement
Schwarzenegger launches new effort to counter Trump on climate
No Free Speech for You
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
For foreign spies, Donald Trump is an easy mark
White House Staffers Pose With Dinesh D'Souza And His New Book On The 'Fascist' Left
DOJ 'Bullying' Cities Into Complying With Anti-Immigration Efforts
Jeff Sessions: DOJ reviewing policies on media subpoenas
Maybe it's time to pull the plug on health insurance
US attorney general says four charged in crackdown on leaks
Graham: Mueller will be held 'accountable' for leaks
US notifies UN of climate deal pullout
Trump retweets account that traffics in wild conspiracy theories, accused Hillary Clinton of murder
Trump's Jobs Tweet Violates Federal Rule - And it's not the first time
Will Trump backlash make American socialists great again?
Trump turns to Russia probe to poke at his critics
John Kelly's big challenge: Controlling the tweeter in chief
DOJ warns the media could be targeted in crackdown on leaks
House Moderates Have a Bipartisan Health-Care Bill
Trump Jr's Russia 'Adoption' Meeting Last June Is Getting Subpoenaed
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Structural Unemployment: Yes, It Was Humbug
Why Does the Trump Administration Suddenly Care So Much About Venezuela?
Report: Mattis had to intervene in dispute between McMaster and Bannon
Fact-checking President Trump’s West Virginia rally
Republican donor from Virginia Beach sues GOP, accusing the party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Dems press FCC to extend net neutrality comment period
Donald Trump heads on vacation, after shaming people who take time off
Facebook Is Using an “NRA Approach” to Defend Its Creepy Facial Recognition Programs
How the Stock Market Will Cripple Donald Trump
Amid Washington dysfunction, lack of accomplishments, Trumps clings to his shrinking support
Nearly 50 Senators Want to Make It a Felony to Boycott Israel
North Korea's ICBM tests a possible deception tactic
Playing Defense
What Trump's poll numbers mean for Republicans
Megathread: Mueller Impanels a Grand Jury
Trump Picks Radical Right-Wing Radio Host to Serve as Top Federal Scientist
US officially tells UN it wants out of Paris climate deal
On Washington: Republican Senator Is on a Mission to Rescue the Health Care Law
Sessions says Justice Department will boost investigations of leaks, may pursue reporters
Secret Service vacates Trump Tower command post in lease dispute with president's company
Trump’s 17-day vacation is more time off than most Americans get all year
Trump defends McMaster in wake of criticism on the right
How Congress' Attempt To Break CDA230 Could Kill Airbnb
4 reasons churches must get out of the business of politics
At Bradley Byrne town hall, questions swirl about Trump's behavior
Scarborough to Jared and Ivanka: Move back to New York
Stephen Bannon once guided a global firm that made millions helping gamers cheat
Newsweek Mocks ‘Lazy Boy’ Donald Trump On New Cover
Air Force signs contract for 2 presidential aircraft
Security for Trump's summer visit ruffles tranquil New Jersey town
Why white grievance remains Trump's fallback
In Latest Video Volley, NRA Targets The New York Times: ‘We’re Coming For You’
Jeff Sessions Wants to Stop Leaks by Targeting Journalists
Emanuel: City to sue Trump Justice Department over funding threat
Pentagon legal team scrambles to devise transgender policy
Emily's List Expands After 16,000 Women Reach Out About Running For Office
Sean Spicer Is Now Being Repped By Washington Power Lawyer
Trump administration 'could sue over discrimination against whites by universities', civil rights activists fear
Grand jury subpoenas have been issued related to June 2016 meeting between Donald Trump Jr., Russian lawyers and others - sources
Trump Watch: Day Two – A Twitter guide to the unfolding drama
Interior Dept Watchdog Launches Probe Into Zinke Calls To Alaska Senators
Hey Trump, Lady Liberty's promise actually matters to immigration law
America’s economy is solid, but there’s no ‘Trump bump'
Trump still has the bully pulpit, but is facing more challenges to his authority
Obamacare was thriving in California. Then Trump happened.
Congress is slowly tying Trump’s hands when it comes to Russia
What Do You Have to Lose?: The Coming Assault on Race-Conscious Admissions Programs
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
Trump triggers debate on impact of immigrants
Hunt for Trump dossier author inflames Russia probe
Meet The White House’s Newest Star: A Whiteboard
Cities baffled as Jeff Sessions targets them on immigration
Trump Claims He Won New Hampshire (Which He Lost To Hillary Clinton) Because It’s A ‘drug-infested Den’
Jeff Sessions just escalated Trump's war with the media
Vice President Mike Pence to Headline Koch Summit
WTF Happened at the White House This Week?
GOP donor sues over failed ACA repeal
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
We just got another look at Steve Bannon's infamous whiteboard, thanks to a controversial White House visitor
Secret Service quits Trump Tower in dispute over lease
Trump's trip to Bedminster prompts protesters to get creative
After years of slow recovery, U.S. economy boasts solid gains
Trump slammed this GOP senator in a tweet—now she's making him pay for it
Kamala Harris is one of the most progressive (and attacked) leaders in America
Manchin dodges party-switch fallout
Trump Rejects the Huddled Masses Yearning to Breathe Free
Flynn files amended disclosure report showing additional payments
FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
Huff, puff, pass? AG’s pot fury not echoed by task force
This GOP Candidate Wants To Gut Virginia's Planned Parenthood From The Governor's Mansion
Donald Trump's new immigration rule would have kept his German grandfather out
No One Turns Out to Vote in Iowa Town’s Special Election
While Trump's away, 'much-needed' White House renovations begin
Bernie Sanders and DNC chair Tom Perez attack Nissan for anti-union campaign in Mississippi
We now know how the Trump presidency will end. Let's hope we survive: Burman
Trump, America's Boy King: Golf And Television Won't Make America Great Agian
Flynn details tie to data firm, transition pay
Federal control board overseeing Puerto Rico's finances to impose furloughs for 1st time in US territory's history.
Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns
Florida Dems hosting fundraiser for GOP lawmaker
Why arguments against WaPo’s Oval Office leaks are wrong
What’s Wrong With Airport Face Recognition?
Donald Trump’s White House, Republican allies don’t want him to fire Robert Mueller
What the Trump-Russia Grand Jury Means
Fmr CIA officer: More shoes to drop in Don Jr mtg
GOP lawmaker: Trump has not been civil
Congressional Republicans are beginning to assert themselves against Trump
'I'm the world's greatest person', US President Donald Trump tells Australia's PM Malcolm Turnbull in leaked phone call transcript
The Gulf of Mexico dead zone is larger than ever. Here’s what to do about it.
Green Party's Jill Stein concerned about 'demonization' of North Korea
Secret Service quits Trump Tower in dispute over lease
Maxine Waters Isn't Running For 'Anything Except The Impeachment of Trump'
New Devotional Highlights Hillary Clinton’s Spiritual Side
U.S. Army halts use of Chinese-made drones over cyber concerns
Trump's attack on Chinese trade gets sidelined over North Korea
Stephen Miller’s strange insult of a reporter is very familiar to white supremacists
Trump and the Paris Agreement: What Just Happened?
The knives are coming out for H.R. McMaster
Michael Flynn details previously undisclosed paid speaking engagements, business positions, and income
Susan Collins: 'Trump can't set Red Lines for Bob Mueller'
Colbert takes on Trump over grand jury, conversations with world leaders
Conway downplays Russia probe after grand jury reports
New GOP ad attacks Manchin after West Virginia governor switches parties
Poll: Three-quarters of Utah voters want Hatch to retire
Report: ‘Professional Cuddling’ Industry Booming Under Trump
Trump says he’s been ‘working hard.’ Here’s the current status on things
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
As Jeff Sessions announces leak crackdown, here are 12 major leaks of the Trump era
Puerto Rico governor defies oversight board on worker furloughs
Gingrich says Mueller represents ‘deep state’ at worst
Not even Americans for Prosperity likes Wisconsin’s terrible Foxconn deal
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Campaign Legal Center requests investigation of Steve Bannon
Readout of President Donald J. Trump’s Call with President Emmanuel Macron of France
U.S. Officially Tells U.N. It Wants out of Paris Climate Deal
A ‘Caddyshack’ controversy at a Trump golf course in L.A.
Donald Trump Is Rapidly Reshaping the Nation’s Courts
Mattis had to wade into feud between furious White House rivals McMaster and Bannon
Ken Starr killed irony today
Chillaxed Vladimir Putin cultivates strongman persona with holiday adventures
Groups File Federal Lawsuit Over Diversity Visa Denials
Trump’s spectacle is outrageous, but not entirely new: He’s the ultimate fulfillment of consumer capitalism
Retired Virginia Beach attorney sues GOP, accusing the Republican Party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Hundreds protest outside President Trump's rally
As a grand jury begins work, defiant Trump calls Russia investigation a ‘fabrication’
Majorities in every state oppose Trump’s transgender ban
The Senate Seems More Willing To Push Back Against Trump Than The House - Why?
Communication Regarding Intent To Withdraw From Paris Agreement
The “this is fine” bias in cable news - Vox
Ryan warns GOP inaction will 'depress turnout' in 2018
New Docs Reveal Trump Admin Ordered Airport Staff to Snub Congressmen, Lawyers During Travel Ban
25 Million Clinton Votes Weren’t Fake
Russian Information Warfare: A Reality That Needs a Response
By end of August, Trump will have spent three times as many days at leisure as Obama
How Sessions can make Trump happy by making reporters’ lives miserable. There aren't many real limits preventing DOJ from harassing reporters.
New poll says Trump removing Mueller would be bad news for the GOP in 2018
Priebus ally Katie Walsh takes key role in shaking up GOP data staff
Judges Threw Out The Conviction Of A Blackwater Guard Charged In A Massacre In Iraq
Poll: Americans in battleground districts would strongly oppose Trump firing special counsel Robert Mueller
Congress passes bill to give veterans exposed to mustard gas another shot at benefits
Secret Service moves to NYC trailer after dispute at Trump Tower
EU to impose more Russia sanctions over Siemens case on Friday: diplomats
Yemenis, Iranians sue U.S. State Dept, ask for visas to be processed
McMaster: Susan Rice Did Nothing Wrong
Reporter: 8 or 9 people heard Trump call the WH a "real dump"
Some Of The Worst DC Swamp Monsters Are Republicans
The Justice Department Is Reviewing Obama-Era Journalist Protections
Trump leaves on 17-day break at golf course as Russia investigation intensifies
Poll: 80 percent of voters disapprove of GOP handling of health care
The White House has thrown its credibility away
Sessions threatens to subpoena press over leaks to make Trump happy
Ex-intel chief warns Trump: Firing Mueller 'would be Watergate in slow motion'
Trump Heads To His New Jersey Golf Club For 17-Day 'Working Vacation'
US officially pulls out of UN’s Paris climate deal
Trump is trying to politicize intelligence to support his Iran policy. That's dangerous.
Maxine Waters next House speaker: Dem activist
US says it will join UN climate talks despite exit from Paris Accord
Democratic Socialists Are Hosting Their Largest Convention Ever This Weekend, At UIC
Jeff Sessions' Tough Talk On Leaks Heightens Fears Of Jailing Journalists
Vox Sentences: Leaks, and the leaking leakers who leak them
Dems to Mattis: Don't comply with Trump's 'unconstitutional' transgender ban
Trump admits he punked his supporters on Mexico paying for the wall
Jared Kushner’s Family Business Has Been Subpoenaed
Collins, Murkowski take CNN behind the scenes of the health care battle
Sessions: Trump admin reviewing policy on media subpoenas
Trump's approval at 33%, 'Sharknado 3' at 29%
McCain: 'You can thank Putin' for low relations with Russia
Pence turned over all state-related emails from personal accounts: report
Marijuana company buys entire US town to create 'cannabis-friendly municipality'
Donald 'I don't take vacations' Trump takes vacation
Trump delays announcement of trade action against China
‘This deal will make me look terrible’: Full transcripts of Trump’s calls with Mexico and Australia
If Trump were an immigrant, he'd probably be deported
In every state, majorities oppose Trump’s proposed ban on transgender military service
Jeff Sessions bows to Trump pressure and launches crackdown on leakers
Trump administration weighs slashing mortgage deduction
Yemenis, Iranians suing the State Department over Trump's travel ban
Opinion | Based on the immigration system he endorsed, Trump would not get a green card
The myth that all black students get a free ride is just that — a myth
Robert Reich: Are Republicans plotting to oust Trump? He thinks so
Shields and Brooks on Trump’s GOP pushback, Russia probe grand jury
Conservative author D'Souza says he briefed Bannon, Gorka on new book
What Jeff Sessions Will Never Understand About Affirmative Action
Trump jumps the gun on jobs report tweet -- again
Why Trump's White House fears April Ryan, one of America's most successful black journalists
Australia’s Prime Minister Slowly Realizes Trump Is a Complete Idiot
New Yorker releases audio of Scaramucci interview
Sessions: Trump admin reviewing policy on media subpoenas
Senate passes bill to give terminally ill patients access to experimental drugs
The real fascists are the friends we made along the way
New York state has became the latest locality to push back against federal immigration agents’ presence in courthouses.
NU Professor, Oxford Employee Wanted in Slaying Arrested
Bari Weiss and the neoconservative hold on the Democratic Party establishment
Parsing the Statement of Manafort’s Lawyer
The real reasons behind the Toyota and Mazda announcement of a new U.S. factory
Four charged with leaks from Trump administration as attorney general vows crackdown
Norman Lear to boycott Kennedy Center Honors reception over Trump
White House unaware of grand jury in Russia probe
Republicans in Congress should be braver
Note to Trump: Non-English speaking immigrants turned West Virginia into a coal powerhouse
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
Chris Cuomo Gets Into Heated Debate With Kellyanne Conway On Live TV
National security adviser attempts to reconcile Trump’s competing impulses on Afghanistan
North Korean ICBM Appears Able to Reach Major US Cities
Sebastian Gorka thinks “the president’s Twitter feed” will solve the North Korean crisis
Hillary Wants to Preach: Religion is playing a big role in Clinton’s post-election tour. What does she have to gain from sharing her faith now?
Kushner subpoenaed for issuing green cards while the administration takes them away
The More You KN-0w About North Korean Missiles
Trump’s reverse Midas touch
Soldiers Promised Fast-track Naturalization Sue Pentagon
Communication Regarding Intent To Withdraw From Paris Agreement
Court Rejects a Murder Conviction and Sentences in Blackwater Case
“The DOJ is open for business” - Sessions looking into when he can force journalists to reveal sources
Today’s Impeach-O-Meter: Golf Party!
Carter Page has been under an intelligence surveillance warrant since 2014
The House recently sided with big banks over consumers
Video: Ed Gillespie Says He Would Defund Planned Parenthood in Virginia
Jeff Sessions May Force Reporters To Reveal Sources Of Leaks
His Grace, Donald Trump
Trump to go on 17-day getaway to private golf club in N.J.
Why the leaked presidential transcripts are so frightening
New bare-chested Putin photos released — 2017 edition, aquatic theme
The Rise of the Violent Left
A letter from H.R. McMaster said Susan Rice will keep her top-secret security clearance
Trump is delusional about his popularity
Meet the Reporter Driving Fox News’s Biggest, Craziest Stories
Health care repeal may be dead, but U.S. Rep. Justin Amash gets an earful at town hall
Jim Acosta Yells at Helicopter
The pitfalls of using Liu Xiaobo’s name in a silly American political game
Senators move to protect Mueller from Trump with new legislation
Military scrambles for transgender policy after Trump tweets
‘This is going to kill me’: Trump begged Mexico president to stay quiet about wall
Donald Trump Jr.'s Russia probe: Grand jury issues subpoenas in connection with Trump aides meeting Russian lawyer
U.S. to Join Climate Talks Despite Planned Withdrawal From Paris Accord
Seek climate advice through established routes: If the Trump administration has questions on global warming, it should direct them to the national academy rather than setting up a spurious ‘red team–blue team’ debate.
Can This National Security Council Handle a Real Crisis?
Trump: Praise for Justice and coal
Two Words That Should Scare the Trump Administration: Grand Jury
The Trump Administration Pledges to Crack Down on Leaks
How Obamacare fails my family
Why Aren't More Native Americans Members of the US Congress?
6 immigrants talk about the anxiety of living in Trump’s America
The barrier to single payer isn’t cost, it’s politics. Under SB 562, a Medicare-for-all bill, not only would every Californian be guaranteed health coverage, but all premiums, as well as deductibles and copays, would be eliminated.
Top FBI officials could testify against Trump
Trump: 'There were no Russians in our campaign'
Hispanic Republicans see political peril in Trump immigration plan
Trump Nominates New 7th Circuit Judge, Wisconsin Attorney
Leaked Trump transcripts show his incoherent, ill-informed narcissism
The job market just recovered from the recession
Watch: Jeff Sessions Says DOJ Could Force Media to Give up Sources
Former Mexican President Vicente Fox drops f-bomb about Trump's wall, again
Trump’s Generals Are Trying to Save the World. Starting With the White House.
Jeff Sessions holds news conference on White House leak investigations - live updates
Uber, PepsiCo, PayPal and JPMorgan Chase are latest businesses to oppose Texas bathroom bill
President Trump is going on vacation to Bedminster. His critics are going to hate it
Trey Gowdy Wasted Millions on Benghazi Witch Hunt &amp; He’s About to be More Powerful than Ever
Attorney General Sessions Holds News Conference on Leaks
White House Colludes With Fox News to Embrace Disinformation
What is a grand jury and how serious is it for Donald Trump?
Secret Service Post Moves From Trump Tower to a Trailer
Sessions: "This nation must end the culture of leaks"
Obamacare Rage in Retrospect
The Trump administration is waging war on diversity
The Atlantic Politics &amp; Policy Daily: Make Juries Grand Again
One weird trick Democrats could use to stop stumbling over Pelosi and abortion questions
Democratic governors: Jim Justice 'deceived' West Virginia
Senate bill would require court's approval for Trump firing Mueller
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
He has the cash and the name recognition. Is Gavin Newsom unstoppable? In the race to succeed Gov. Jerry Brown, it’s Newsom’s job to lose, analysts say
President Trump reacts to bad news by railing on Hillary Clinton's emails
Vox: Top FBI officials could testify against Trump
The Transformation of the ‘American Dream’
Civility is Gone, Don't Let It Devolve into Violence
Schwarzenegger unveils initiative to tweak Trump on climate
GOP lawmakers square off against Trump
5 things Trump did while you weren't looking: Week 9
Trump to West Virginians: 'Are there any Russians here tonight?'
California speaker recall effort reflects Democratic tension
Dana Loesch takes aim at “old gray hag” New York Times in NRA TV commercial
Strong U.S. jobs report seen in July; wages likely rose
Trump turns on GOP Congress
Leak Investigations Triple Under Trump, Sessions Says
Trump will blame anyone for anything — except Russia for its conduct
Fox News anchor says Trump 'misrepresented the truth' — again
‘God, I wish I had jury duty:’ Late-night TV hosts roast Trump over D.C. grand jury, local milk people
Why religious identities are not immune to robust criticism – Paul Russell
National security adviser attempts to reconcile Trump’s competing impulses on Afghanistan
Even after flurry of Senate action, Cabinet agencies are still understaffed in Trump’s 7th month
Tweet first, read later: Trump shares article blaming his policies for health care price increases
Donald Trump is going on a 17-day vacation. Who cares? Except...
Vicente Fox drops f-bomb on CNN
Reminder: Trump prefers talking with Putin over his closest allies, because Putin is more "pleasant"
Senators Introduce 2 Bills To Try To Keep Trump From Firing Mueller
It's official: Here's why Trump's working vacation starts today in N.J.
US attorney general says four charged in crackdown on leaks
Mueller Crosses Trump’s ‘Red Line,’ As Aides Pray Trump Behaves
Mueller’s job would be protected by bipartisan Senate bill
Why Trumponomics cannot make America great again
As investigation intensifies, Trump crows to crowd.
Trump: 'You can thank Congress' for U.S.-Russia relationship at all-time low
America Literally Can't Afford More Military Adventurism
Trump Kicks Off 17-Day Vacation at His New Jersey Golf Club
Female Retired Marine With Viral Campaign Ad Hopes To Bridge Gap In Democratic Party
Asylum seekers flee U.S. for Quebec, fearing their temporary permits will expire
Sex &amp; the City's Cynthia Nixon tipped for New York governor.
White House anger over leaks grows, crackdown promised
'Local milk people': Donald Trump's odd expression inspires memes
Susan Rice didn’t do anything wrong, Trump administration finds: report
Why John Kelly's military leadership skills may play a critical role in Trump's success
'We don't have leverage.' Why the US can't stop the Yemen war.
Mueller Crossing "The Red Line" and he's not looking back!
Trump-Russia probe expands to possible financial crimes: report
Will Mega-Billionaire Rescue America From GOP’s Insurance Mayhem? – OpEd
Trump: We don't want fake news in the US
Trump attorney: Still no reason to believe he’s under investigation
‘You cannot say that to the press’: Trump urged Mexican president to end his public defiance on border wall, transcript reveals
Justice Dept. threatens to cut funds for San Bernardino despite it not being a sanctuary city
Will Trump backlash make American socialists great again?
Americans Urge Trump Administration To Preserve Marine Sanctuaries
Memo to Mark Zuckerberg: So You Want to Be President ...
Trump calls New Hampshire a 'drug-infested den' in call with Mexican leader
x We’re Back to Manafort – Talking Points Memo
Trump plays healthcare politics while Americans get stuck with the bill
Big-name US senators are joining the push to crack down on kleptocrat-friendly shell companies
President Trump Will Be Joined on Vacation By a Drone
Second billboard bashing Sen. Mitch McConnell posted on I-65 south
Sessions Says Trump Administration Has Tripled Number of Leak Probes
A Bizarre Case at USC Shows How Broken Title IX Enforcement Is Right Now
What a Trump Impeachment Might Mean for Markets
Who's who at the EPA? Latest staff picks continue alarming trend.
US Senators Prepare Bill to Block Firing of Special Counsel
'Poetic justice' to hold convention of black American lawyers in Canada: Jesse Jackson
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
Senator Stabenow Announces Medicare at 55 Act
Senate blocks Trump from making recess appointments
Donald Trump is going on a 17-day vacation. Who cares? Except...
Trump's first U.N. General Assembly: An insider's guide
Nearly half of counties have no providers or one for health insurance on the Obamacare exchanges?
Secret Service vacates Trump Tower command post after lease dispute: report
Trump Sees Women As Business Animals Or 'secretaries'
Cities baffled as Jeff Sessions targets them on immigration
Colbert rewrites Statue of Liberty poem for Trump era
Trump rallies his base against Russia investigation
Sessions vows crackdown on leaks of classified information
Comeback for 'legalized money laundering' in party politics?
Trump to Australian prime minister: 'Putin was a pleasant call, this is ridiculous'
House Republican staff argue for contempt charges against CFPB director
Mueller Plunges Across Trump's Red Line
NAACP Issues Travel Advisory for Missouri, Citing "New Jim Crow" Law
Nitish kumar quits as chief minister of bihar
China is our enemy, not Pakistan: Mulayam Singh Yadav in Parliament
finally a plane landed after 37 years
Demonetisation
School Teachers Can’t Wear T-Shirts, Chew Pan Or Use Phone Unnecessarily, Orders UP CM Yogi ~ NonStop Masala
After Result Reaction /Sarcastic/
PM Modi says a donkey is inspirational
BJP Goa announces 21 shortlisted candidates
Kill them all: The Art of Genocide
dirty politics!!
TIME Person of the Year Poll Results: Narendra Modi Wins
Black money
Can Pakistan or anyone not print the fake currency notes of new ₹2000 and ₹500....????
Dirty Politics
Indian citizen arrested for controversial FB posts on PM Modi, RSS leaders
Twitteratis hail Indian Army, Modi for surgical strikes
What gave rise to the Kaveri River Dispute
15 August 2016 Independence Day in India, Share and Celebrate...
List of Chief Ministers in India
Srinagar school in trouble for ‘banning’ Islamic dress
Does Bangladeshi People hate Indians?
Are you with Modi's - 'congress mukt bharat'
JNU Student logic
(NEW!) Big Fat White Whore Fucks And Sucks Big Black Dick In Hotel IzHfQf0r
स्मृति इरानी ने संसद में हेट स्पीच दिया है : जेएऩयू मामले का आरोपी
Modi's joke on Manmohan - Killer
Reddit sucks cock
Reddit stopped me for football
Why is trump good?
Shameful deb fischer! Gag
McConnell gang
PoliSpectrum - A website to give readers a holistic review of critical issues in politics
Three stooges
Military Chief Goes Against Trump on U.S. Transgender Policy
Fruit not far...
Reddit not current?
Hi I'm twelve.
CNN v Reddit
Correct Politics is an Orwellian Concept
Boston Tuft's Nurses Strike - Picket Lines Mean Do Not Cross! 12 July 2017
A House Democrat has filed the first articles of impeachment against President Trump
Why the religious right worship Trump
We've done nothing and we're running out of ideas.
Government Spyware Targets Mexican Journalists and Their Families
Reality Winner has been arrested for whistleblowing and I was wondering what your opinion on that is! [1 min survey]
The Insane Travel and Leisure Costs of the Trump Presidency
Property Rights or Democracy: Cajamarca votes against AngloGold Ashanti
The Vitriol That Is American Politics
Developers now have an API to check Trump's prison status
(Video) The Real Reason Why Snoop Dogg Hate’s President Trump? #LavenderVideo
Miami Ad School Students Highlight Products Made by Refugees in a Clever Sticker Campaign
Don’t Let Them Eat Cake: Maduro’s War Against Bakeries
Does the Muslim ban make us safer? An exploration of terrorism data
Dutch Election (with a Dutch Donald Trump leading in the polls) coming up. Here's all you need to know.
Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be VettedC. Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be Vetted
Is Ecuador in the door of a political crisis?
Venezuela latest delay in delivering oil to Russia and China, will make Maduro lost their support?
New Political Party to Take on Trump
SHOCKING NEWS: Vladimir Putin caught doing COCAINE
Puppet Prime Minister - Canadian Politics 101
Monday Night Talk 10-31-2016 featuring Massachusetts 9th Congressional District Forum
Veritas video subersive that says “Yeah, and nobody is really supposed to know about me.” has been doing dirty work for a long time.
Unconditional Free Income due to #AI eliminating jobs... spot.com
Trump or Hillary? Who to Vote for this Election
Did Clinton propose drone strike against Julian Assange??
Hear Otzi The Iceman Speak Again After 5,000 Years Of Silence
Slimepot Hillary Clinton
DNC Leak Reveals System for Automated Voter Fraud
Hillary: 'RAISE TAXES ON THE MIDDLE CLASS!' - How to Waste Your Life RANT
The Media Forgets
Jill Stein will put Snowden in her cabinet if elected
Announcement: r/Politics is moving to a whitelist domain submission model - please read
Saturday Political Cartoon Thread
Pence under scrutiny for using campaign lawyers to hide emails in Indiana
Trump Caught on Video Playing Golf When He Claimed He Was Working and Stuff
Al Gore to Bill Maher: 'It's time to get rid of the electoral college'
White supremacy week at the White House: Even by Trump standards, the racism was dialed to 11
The Russia investigation is getting serious — and President Trump is feeling the heat
Column: If Donald Trump were an immigrant, he'd probably be deported
'Barack Obama Day' Is Now an Illinois Holiday
Meet the Democrats Running on Single-Payer Health Care
Trump Sends Anonymous Official to Defend Vacation And Hide Golf Games
Tillerson, Russian foreign minister meet in Manila: interfax
Donald Trump won the election, and we don’t know whether he colluded — but he’s not a legitimate president
MIke Pence Preparing 2020 Election Run Against ‘Weak’ Trump? Vice-Presidents Team Denies Explosive Claim
How Anthony Scaramucci rose to the top of Wall Street, sold his company, tanked his marriage, and traded it all for a wild 10 days in Trump's White House
Trump relatively quiet on opioid crisis, despite campaign vows
U.S. Prepared to Launch ‘Preventive War’ Against North Korea, Says H.R. McMaster
Fox News host Eric Bolling suspended over 'lewd messages'
'Improvised explosive device' behind Minnesota mosque blast, FBI says
Why Won’t Media Outlets Report Mosque Bombings As Deliberate Terrorism
White House Tries To Shut Down Speculation That Mike Pence Is Preparing For 2020 Run
Flake: I wish GOP had stood up to birtherism
How Trump's FCC aided Sinclair's expansion
Warren: 'I am not running for president, I'm doing my work'
Trump presidency is destroying marriages across the country
Dean Heller’s Reward for Caving to Trump on Health Care? $1 Million From Mitch McConnell.
Mueller requests White House records on Flynn: NYT
How Randy Bryce, the Iron Stache, Plans to Take Down Paul Ryan
GOP debates deep cut to corporate tax rate
McCain: Republicans 'see weakness' in Trump
Schiff: Russia probe 'moving into new phase' with grand jury
Trump administration stirs alarm over voter purges
Donald Trump broke an obscure but important rule when he bragged about US jobs report
"This is not a vacation": Trump kicks off 17-day trip with tweets, golf
Why Trump Invokes ‘Common Sense’ It serves as a justification for his policies and as an antidote to expert opinion.
Donald Trump: A 71-year-old Man Who Needs A Military General To Manage His Twitter Use
Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks prompt strong reaction in New Hampshire
Dear Liberals, Ivanka Trump Was Never Your Ally
House GOP staffers fly to London to find Steele, invite to testify expected
Double standard decried as Minnesota mosque bombed
'We're coming for you': NRA attacks New York Times in provocative video
“We’ve never seen this before”: Canada struggles to deal with “intense” influx of asylum seekers from U.S.
Donald Trump has a sickening fetish for cruelty
Imagine if Hillary Clinton behaved as Donald Trump has
Dems face fundamental problem in Texas: Getting people to vote
Maker of Clinton Sting Video Broke Campaign Law, FEC Says
Conway, ABC host tangle over Trump's involvement in son's statement
Germany's Martin Schulz Says Trump 'Far Worse' Than Expected
National Butterfly Center Founder: Trump’s Border Wall Prep ‘Trampling on Private Property Rights’
Trump losing ground with his base
The officers of the Buffalo Police Department went more than four years and 2 million calls without a fatal shooting. What did they do right?
Why Is Donald Trump Still So Horribly Witless About the World?
The Trump Administration Just Dealt a Big Setback to Affordable Housing
Trump is reportedly considering hardline nationalist Stephen Miller for White House communications director
Trump claims New Jersey getaway is 'not a vacation.'
Mueller, Trump, Russia: Your Weekend Briefing
Bill de Blasio Will Push for Tax on Wealthy to Fix Subway
Norman Lear, Kennedy Center Honoree, To Skip White House Reception In Protest
Kellyanne Conway yells “Benghazi!” as veteran anchor nails Trump team for Russia lies
Rosenstein Says Trump Russia Probe Is Not a ‘Fishing Expedition’
White House warns ‘potentially ambitious’ Republicans about 2020
Jeff Flake: Trump calling lawmakers 'clowns and losers' isn't presidential
These Americans beat Donald Trump and saved Obamacare. They say they can do it again
Minnesota mosque explosion: FBI says it is investigating possible hate crime
Nearly 50 Senators Want to Make It a Felony to Boycott Israel
It’s Officially Barack Obama Day In Illinois
In Trumpcare's Demise, Public Option Emerges Ahead Of 2018 Elections
Black people aren’t keeping white Americans out of college. Rich people are.
White House ‘Enemies List’ Drove McMaster-Bannon Feud
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
Stop the FCC and Investigate AT&amp;T, Verizon, Et Al.
Republicans are quietly positioning themselves to challenge Trump in 2020
Strong reaction in New Hampshire to Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
New Sexual Harassment Allegations Leveled Against Fox News’ Eric Bolling. The accusations came just hours after the network announced it had suspended Bolling.
Trump now has the votes to feed U.S. fracking frenzy with new gas pipelines
Vice President Mike Pence to Headline Koch Summit
FBI: 'Improvised explosive device' caused blast at Bloomington Islamic center
Donald Trump Is Proposing Massive Funding Cuts for Toxic Waste Cleanup
Greed is not good: Will the Trump team disasters finally put an end to the businessman myth?
Sessions Put Together a Task Force to Justify Cracking Down on Legal Marijuana. It Said Things Should Stay the Same.
Mike Pence Just Turned Over His Personal Emails, but Trump Is Still Focused on Hillary Clinton
Federal employees step up defiance of Trump
Rosenstein: We're after the leakers, not the journalists
Trump’s Base of Support Is Collapsing
Opioid Users Are Filling Jails. Why Don’t Jails Treat Them?
Republicans Plot 2020 Election Plans To Throw Trump Under the Bus
Insana: Thank global growth for Dow 22,000, not Trump
Bernie Sanders writing teen guide to political revolution
Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak says he and Michael Flynn discussed 'simple things'
Clinton chief of staff compares Trump White House 'chaos' to television 'telenovelas'
Rosenstein: Trump has not ordered investigation of 'particular people'
LGBTQ Suicide Hotline Calls from Transgender Youth Spike Under Trump
Minnesota mosque attacked, bomb thrown through window, police say
Former Mexican president mocks Donald Trump over golf holiday: 'If you're not happy with job, just leave'
Rosenstein: Impaneling grand jury doesn't say anything about likelihood of indictments
ACLU Sounds Alarm Over Trump Administration’s ‘Threat’ To Free Speech
Civil rights group says it will sue Trump admin over transgender military ban
Trump's Support Among White Voters Plummeted And His Approval Rating Sunk
Report breaks down how much Congressmen are getting from Pharma PACs
Israel to American Jews: You Just Don’t Matter
Donald Trump's 17-day break 'not a vacation', US President insists.
Eric Bolling suspended from Fox News after allegations of lewd texting
The Yakima Terror: Ninety years ago in Washington, a wave of anti-immigrant sentiment resulted in horror for Filipinos.
Trump is Making New Legal Immigrant Legislation that would prevent most of our ancestry - including his own grandfather
Conway: Trump 'plans on being a two term president'
‘This is like medicine to him’: why Trump still needs the love of the crowd
The Mooch's replacement could be Stephen Miller
Trump Tweets Support For DOJ’s Leak Crackdown: ‘The Tougher The Better’
Gulf War vet becomes first woman in 25 years to lead a major veterans organization
The Policies of White Resentment
The Oklahoman- Rep Mullins stock ownership raises conflict of interest concerns
ALEC Push for Constitutional Convention Hits a Roadblock of Infighting, Legal Questions
Donald Trump's Pathetic Lies. Even after two years on the political stage, Trump continues to outdo himself. His penchant for lies resembles an incorrigible alcoholic's thirst for drink: He lives for the next one and can't abstain, no matter what it costs him.
When a Candidate Conspired With a Foreign Power to Win An Election
George Will warns ‘grotesque’ is becoming normal for GOP
Christie: Everybody knows now Trump Jr.'s meeting was a 'bad idea'
As Trump Sings Coal’s Praises, Mine Fatalities Are on the Rise
Opioid addiction centres in US fear becoming 'dead in the water' if Obamacare collapses
Donald Trump has a sickening fetish for cruelty
White House to become less 'dump'-like in Trump's absence
Don't blame Putin for Trump's presidency, blame American voters
How the Senate Is Subtly Resisting Trump by Not Taking a Recess
Tillis: Legislation important to 'reestablish the public trust' in DOJ
Fox News suspends Eric Bolling amid sexual harassment allegations
White House to become less ‘dump’-like in Trump’s absence
President Donald Trump’s slowness to nominate members to an energy commission helped cause a bureaucratic logjam that held up $13 billion in pipeline and gas-export projects
The Latest: Trump’s Ukraine envoy to visit Moscow for talks
McConnell overplays hand in Alabama Senate race
GOP senator: Trump may have been only one who didn't realize complexity of healthcare
Maybe the A.I. dystopia is already here
Trump Casino Trademarks In Macau, "Gambling Capital Of The World," Spark Speculation Of Business Expansion
Nissan Workers in Mississippi Vote Against Joining Union After Threats
Senators move to protect special counsel in Russia probe
Sanders Introduces Rule to Require Fair Pricing on Taxpayer-Funded Drugs
Trump defends trip to Bedminster: 'This is not a vacation'
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents - New York Times
Lupica: Jeff Sessions’ war on free press is the bigger threat to national security
Republicans aren’t tired of winning under Trump. In fact, more think they’re losing.
Sessions “wrongly targets National Security whistleblowers”
ALEC’s Attack on Public Education: A Report from the Frontlines
Pence to Speak at Conservatives’ Meeting Organized by Koch Brothers
Ex-Bush ethics lawyer: Use lie detectors on the White House press secretary
Jeff Sessions' Attack on the Media Is Worse Than You Think
On Russia, Two Trumps: In D.C., Constrained; For The Nation, Defiant
Fake news site posts that North Korea’s Kim Jong Un is dead for second time in a month
Tillerson Hails U.N. Sanctions, as Chinese Minister Rebukes North Korea at Asean Meeting
The list of things that Michael Flynn could be charged for seems to be expanding
Collins: Trump ‘can’t set red lines’ for Justice Department probe of Russia ties
LBJ signs Voting Rights Act, Aug. 6, 1965
Mueller asked White House for documents related to Flynn, report says
Serving God by suing others: Inside the Christian conservative legal movement
John McCain on Republican confidence in Trump for 2020: 'They see weakness in this president'
The Policies of White Resentment
California Will Sue The Trump Administration Over Sanctuary Cities — REPORT
Medicare for All hosts forum to educate community on single payer options
Russia's Lavrov: we feel U.S. readiness to continue dialogue | Reuters
Student loans forgiveness for public servents up in the air!
Search For Author of Dossier Led by GOP members
UN Security Council votes unanimously to impose new sanctions on North Korea after missile tests
Obama Alumni Jump Into Congressional Races Across the Country
Wisconsin workers getting left behind
Trump was almost the president in ‘Sharknado,’ after Sarah Palin turned down the role
New Chief of Staff Reins in White House Aides-and Trump's Tweets
U.S. Justice Department not looking to charge journalists for leaks: official
Black college leaders’ report card on Trump: Still awaiting action
Stephen Miller considered for White House communication director job: report
Rouhani warns Trump he 'risks his political life' over Iran nuclear deal as he implores Europe to defend agreement.
Congressmen oppose Texas wildlife refuge as border wall site
The Border Crackdown is Forcing Migrants to Become Mexican Cartel Slaves
The future of the Democratic Party could be written in upcoming gubernatorial races
Mueller investigation enters new phase
Trump Administration Threatens Freedom of the Press in New Leaks Crackdown
Fox Host Eric Bolling Suspended Pending Results Of Lewd Text Messages Probe
The battle over science in the Trump administration
U.S. Reportedly Intercepted Suspected Russian Agents' Chatter That Manafort Asked for Their Help With Clinton
GOP senator: US-Russia relationship 'not good right now' because of Putin
The Latest: Trump Defends His Working Vacation
Understanding the Christian Broadcasting Network, the force behind the latest pro-Trump TV newscast
Who benefits from discriminatory college admissions policies? White males - LA Times
The Battle Over Smog Is Heating Up (Again)
Trump supporters' optimism starting to wear off
Jump In US Expats Renouncing Citizenship
The GOP has become the party of the grotesque
Testing the CEO President
Bobby Sticks It to Trump
Remaining Trump Supporters Aren't Doing Themselves Any Favors
Tillerson doubles down as China takes new hard line on North Korea
Stephen Miller is being considered for White House communications director: Report
Big rise in number of Justice Department active leak probes
Dirty energy's quiet war on solar panels
White House policy adviser downplays Statue of Liberty's famous poem
Other Views: Three reasons why taxpayers should question the Foxconn deal
Republican Shadow Campaign for 2020 Takes Shape as Trump Doubts Grow
Amazon is selling toilet paper with Donald Trump's tweets printed on it. Happy wiping!
Bill Maher: Donald Trump Is ‘Capable’ Of Ordering Assassinations
Trump’s lawyers reportedly warned him against transgender military ban
After sanctions, Tillerson may find Russia talks an uphill climb
Florida will pay $82,000 after losing vote-by-mail lawsuit
The man fighting Donald Trump to preserve America’s national monuments
Paul Ryan embarrassed by constituents at fake town hall
Is Mueller’s Grand Jury Impeachment Step One?
Gorka: Trump's Twitter feed 'powerful' enough to make China act on North Korea
UN Security Council imposes new sanctions on North Korea
Toyota plans truck, possibly SUV production in Mexico after Trump threat
Trump's desperate plea: Impeach me, please!
Trump mingles with wedding guests at New Jersey golf course
Loaded word of the week: Cosmopolitan
Tired Of Winning? Trump’s Struggles Mean Even Republicans Think They’re Losing
Nissan Mississippi workers vote heavily against unionization
Bobby Sticks It to Trump
Insane Federal Bill Would Strip Trans People of Their Civil Rights
Trump eyes top policy aide for communications director role: official
Pence calls rumors he will run in 2020 ‘absurd’
Dem tells Obama: 'We miss your intellect and integrity' in the White House
Seth Rich Murder: Did Trump Support Fake News at Fox News?
After six months of accomplishing nothing, can Congress pivot?
Vicente Fox mocks Trump over vacation: 'If you're not happy with your job, just leave'
Booker on hug with McCain after healthcare vote: 'I'm a hugger'
Trump's Approval Rating Is The Opposite Of Obama's At This Point In His First Term (That's Bad For Donald)
White House reporters explain why ‘palace intrigue’ actually matters
In Water is Wet News, Trump Supports Have Change of Heart
McConnell to consider bipartisan plan to pay health insurers
Collins acknowledges GOP ignoring some of Trump’s ‘over the top’ rhetoric
Special Counsel's Office Seeks White House Documents on Flynn
They’re Building a Trump-Centric Movement. But Don’t Call It Trumpism.
In Afghan review, Trump's frustration carries echoes of Obama years
Prostitution decriminalized: Rhode Island's experiment
Congress Leaves Town Exhausted, Unsuccessful and Frustrated
Not taking a vacation on Twitter, Trump offers thoughts on Sessions, the U.N. and his time in Jersey
Jobs report disputes Trump claim that immigration hurts U.S. workers and lowers wages
Norman Lear plans to boycott Kennedy Center Honors reception hosted by Trump
With His Back Against The Wall, Trump Again Turns To Grievance Politics
Meet the new U.S. senators
Iran's Rohani, Sworn in for Second Term, Says Trump Is an Unreliable Partner to the World
GOP Senator Laughs In Woman’s Face When Asked To Stop Taking Fossil Fuel Money
Sessions' media attack just for Trump
Anderson Cooper's Show Mocks Vacationing Donald Trump With Snarky Chyron
Four tribes of Trump's GOP opposition
Deputy Attorney General: Special counsel Mueller needs permission to expand Russia investigation
Mandatory composting? Gavin Newsom isn’t shying away from his liberal record
Trump praises AG Sessions' plans to combat leaks
The Democratic Socialists of America hit 25,000 members. Here’s why this could mark a political turning point
Why Trump Supporters Distrust Immigration and Diversity
Gov. Brown Supports California “Sanctuary Cities” Lawsuit
Is Trump’s Turmoil Slowing Economic Growth?
Calvo asks United Nations to visit Guam, press U.S. on decolonization
FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
UN Ambassador Nikki Haley: 'We're prepared to do whatever it takes' on North Korea
Trump leaves on 17-day break at golf course as Russia investigation intensifies
New Firehouse/0ptimus survey: Trump's Shrinking Base
Transgender Soldiers Want the Dignity of Serving Their Country
Meet the Reporter Driving Fox News’s Biggest, Craziest Stories
Trump and his real, and unreal, phone calls
Trump's "America First" Energy Plan Is A Losing Proposition For Industry. Here's Why.
Trump adviser Stephen Miller could expand White House role, but talks remain informal
Far-right Bannon Affiliates Attack McMaster for Being 'Controlled by Jews' and 'Hostile to Israel'
Nissan workers in Canton, Mississippi, voted against unionizing on Friday by a margin of 2,244 to 1,307.
Black plans to keep Budget chair ‘for the time being’
UN imposes tough new sanctions on North Korea
Paul Ryan: Intel leaks 'the problem of the leaker, not the journalist'
NRA spokesperson to New York Times: 'We're coming for you'
All Eyes Are on Tillerson and North Korean Counterpart at Asean Meeting
Trump files notice to withdraw from Paris agreement, planning instead to promote fossil fuels
Hollywood picks Gavin Newsom over Antonio Villaraigosa in California's race for governor
In the race to be California's next governor, Newsom raises more money than Villaraigosa, Chiang and Eastin combined
Pence blasts NYT report about 2020 ambitions
Mueller requests White House documents on Flynn: report
The Mooch's Worst Week in Washington
Affirmative Action and the Myth of Reverse Racism - The Atlantic
Not taking a vacation on Twitter, Trump offers thoughts on Sessions, the U.N. and his time in Jersey
Trump Is Wrong if He Thinks Symphonies Are Superior
Trump’s lawyers reportedly warned against backlash from trans military ban
Would you even care if he was guilty?
Trump’s Worst Week Since Last Week
Al Gore thought Trump ‘might come to his senses’ on climate change. Nope.
Mayor: Trump Missed Opportunity to Address Opioids
A White Director, the Police and Race in ‘Detroit’
President Trump settles in for 17-day vacation at his secluded New Jersey club
Linn County social security numbers 'accidentally' sent to GOP
House Intel member: Kushner meticulous, "not a novice"
Australian TV panel tries to discuss leaked Trump transcripts, can’t stop laughing
Trump ‘appreciates’ China, Russia backing on North Korea sanctions
Pope Francis's Associates Condemn American Religious Right
What you need to know about the Senate’s “right-to-try” bill
Newsweek's new cover calls President Trump a 'Lazy Boy'
U.S. gives official notice of withdrawal from Paris climate agreement
Civil rights groups to sue over Trump's plan for transgender military ban
Former Democratic Texas governor Mark White dies at 77
The GOP has become the party of the grotesque
How Trump's latest affirmative action move uses the Asian "model minority" as a prop
10-year-old transgender N.J. girl: 'I feel way more happier now that I know who I am'
'Lazy Boy' Trump Has Taken More Vacation Than Obama Did in 8 Years
I'm Beto O'Rourke, and I'm challenging Ted Cruz in 2018
In Afghan review, Trump's frustration carries echoes of Obama years
Donald Trump Is The Fast-Food President.
The future of the Democratic Party could be written in upcoming gubernatorial races
Migrant deaths at US-Mexico border increase 17% this year, UN figures show
Trump defends national security adviser H.R. McMaster amid calls for his firing
In the Age of Trump, the Service Industry Must Adapt to Nonstop Politics
Congress must prove its mettle this fall; it has no choice
McConnell-linked SuperPAC says it's all in for Heller
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents
Shirtless Vladimir Putin returns, this time killing small fish to prove his manhood
Clinton's Lewinsky scandal underlines grand jury's threat to Trump
Black People Don't Get Free College
Everyone in Congress is really stressed about the pee tape.
Strong Democratic candidates join the race to unseat anti-Obamacare Kentucky Republican.
GOP efforts to stabilize Obamacare markets might come too late
GOP senator flees from Ohio woman’s questions — in a golf cart
Trump takes break from White House with 'working vacation'
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
UN Security Council unanimously approves new sanctions on North Korea
Chuck Todd: 'I look forward to ignoring' DOJ subpoena
'Further action required' after UN North Korea missile test sanctions, Haley says
See Pauly Shore Mock Stephen Miller's Statue of Liberty Presser
Rhode Island just made community college free
Jeh Johnson on leaks: 'I've never seen it this bad'
Failing Nuclear Power Is Good For Coal, Bad For Earth
Maxine Waters: Pence should be impeached after Trump
What's the Deal, Mr. Trump?
The Big Banks and Corporations Financing Trump’s Deportation Machine
Laziest President in American History Departs for 17-Day Golf Resort Vacation
As Democrats Look To 2018, Abortion Emerges Divisive
Rumors Of "Purge List" Rattle White House Staff
White supremacists’ smear campaign against H.R. McMaster has officially begun
Sunday shows preview: Senators tout bill to protect Mueller
Fox's Jarrett calls grand juries 'undemocratic farce' one day after calling for one for Clinton
Vicente Fox trolls Trump again, slams his 17-day vacation: 'If you're not happy with your job, just leave'
Media's Grim Addiction to Perseverance Porn
Sessions deputy: justice department is 'after leakers, not journalists'
Old jabs about Obama vacations echo as Trump takes his own summer break
This week in Donald Trump’s conflicts of interest: Even the Russia scandal won’t deter him
U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact
The Muslim Americans leading the push to 'stand up and be leaders' in politics
GOP would rather pass no tax reform at all than endanger tax cuts for the rich
Pence on health care: 'It ain't over'
McConnell on healthcare failure: 'Feel better, Hillary Clinton could be president'
President Trump Dismisses Russia Questions as Grand Jury Impaneled
California preparing to sue Trump administration
Trump breaks federal rule about commenting on jobs report
These voters in Arizona are fed up with Democrats, Republicans and Trump
Thousands Of Asylum Seekers Are Fleeing To Canada Because They're Afraid Of Being Deported By Trump
House Republican says Trump was just joking when he repeatedly vowed Mexico would pay for the wall
Betsy DeVos Refuses to Take a Stand Against Discrimination, Again
The Memo: GOP questions Trump's Mueller strategy
Donor files RICO lawsuit against GOP for failing to repeal Obamacare
Diplomats laughing at Trump over leaked Mexico transcript
“The opposite of Teddy Roosevelt”: Donald Trump’s leaked transcripts have made him an international laughingstock
Will Colorado’s Health Insurance Industry Run One Of Its Own For Governor?
50 Years Ago, All Americans Won the Right to Vote. Today That Right Is Under Attack.
There’s no such thing as a Trump Democrat
How the upper middle class keeps everyone else out
Maher compares Trump to 'father of lies' Satan
Trump’s transgender military ban is now official policy
Murkowski, Sullivan Help Increase Treatment Options for Terminally Ill
Why Is Donald Trump Still So Horribly Witless About the World?
Waters: Mueller is going to win
Jeff Sessions might subpoena journalists to reveal leakers. Mike Pence once fought against that.
In The States, Republicans Have Never Been So Dominant — Or Vulnerable
Donald Trump's pathetic lies
U.S. will take 'prudent defensive measures' against North Korea threat: envoy
Trump's risky leak war
Haley: US will do 'whatever it takes' on NK
Jeff Sessions hints Department of Justice could force media to give up sources
Keep the Trump Leaks Coming
Trump’s Inner Circle Of People You’ve Never Heard Of
Week 11: Gone Fishing for Donald Trump
Trump is a one-man assault on the rule of law
Gallup Daily: Trump Job Approval
John L. Micek: Trump ditches 'real America' for Wall Street
Bill Maher Says Trump ‘Capable’ of Murder: ‘He Loves Dictators’
Former Russian ambassador Kislyak denies discussing secrets or sanctions with Michael Flynn
Forget ‘Tax Reform.’ Republicans Will Settle for Tax Cuts for the Rich.
Trump’s Fledgling Presidency Has Already Collapsed
This Trump real estate deal looks awfully like criminal tax fraud
Donald Trump fights back over his 17-day New Jersey break
Report: Mueller seeks details from WH on Flynn lobbying for Turkish businessman
White House Forced to Admit to Multiple Trump Lies
Trump's Transgender Ban Now Policy
You’re fired! Donald Trump’s theatrics vs political reality
Vets used as mustard gas test subjects by U.S. win victory in Congress
'A good man, very pro-Israel': Trump defends McMaster from far-right snipers
Murder Conviction Overturned In Infamous Blackwater Massacre Case
Federal task force reportedly recommends more marijuana study, no crackdown
Trump national security adviser stresses North Korea threat
Bernie Sanders Is Writing a Guide to Political Revolution for Teens
Trump supporters' optimism starting to wear off
Paul Ryan pushed back on Jeff Sessions' veiled threat to journalists
Stephen Colbert Wrote a New Poem for the Statue of Liberty, and He Hopes Stephen Miller Likes It
NH Gov. Chris Sununu calls Trump's 'drug-infested den' comment an 'aspersion'
Aetna CEO: Obamacare 'cannot be repealed, period'
Reggie Thomas looking to unseat Andy Barr in KY Dist. 6
Poor immigrants are the least likely group to use welfare, despite Trump’s claims
Donald Trump Had a Tough Week. Putin Went Sunbathing in Siberia.
Waters: Trump the most deplorable person I have met
Michael Flynn to disclose advisory role linked to Cambridge Analytica
Trump weighs slashing one of the most popular tax deductions
Trump’s wall will require large seizures of private land — and the cost is unknown - Mexico still isn't paying for it.
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents: New York Times
The Three Paradoxes Disrupting American Politics
At inauguration Hassan Rouhani urges more talks
'This Is Nuts': Trump Fumes to Generals That US Should Plunder Afghan Minerals
Republican Senators Sure Sound Afraid to Go Home to Their Constituents
Three more RNC staffers set to exit
California governor endorses potential 'sanctuary cities' lawsuit
Interior Department investigating Zinke for reportedly threatening senators over Trumpcare votes
WashPost Reporter: White House Never Tried to Stop Transcripts Story
Judge partially lifts drilling ban on Sunoco pipeline, postpones hearing
White House officials take pictures with author who compares Democrats to Nazis.
Ex-Russian diplomat downplays Flynn contact, denies election meddling
White House May Use Lie Detectors to Crack Down on Leaks
Trump praises Sessions for 'taking action' against leaks
Trump asserts support for McMaster
Iran Gains Ground in Afghanistan as U.S. Presence Wanes
US finalizes deal for new Air Force One jets once destined for Russian airliner
After Sanctions, Tillerson May Find Russia Talks an Uphill Climb
Trump’s Russia Defense Strategy: Bravado, Denial, and Mockery
Europe and USA on a collision course over Iran nuclear deal
Chicago to sue Trump administration over funding threat
Trump Administration accused of defying Supreme Court
Flynn files new financial form reporting ties to data firm
After six months, Pence has now turned over all state-related AOL emails, his attorney says
Trump increasingly isolated as disillusionment grows within his own party
The difference between illegal leaks and inconvenient leaks
Donald Trump likely to resign before Congress can impeach him, says senior Democrat
Pentagon Asks White House to Give Lethal Weapons to Ukraine
Why the NRA is going after the media
Court Throws Out Blackwater Guards' Sentences for 2007 Baghdad Massacre
Interior Department watchdog to investigate threat to Alaska senator on healthcare
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Washington State: Any Trump Administration Crackdown On Marijuana Would Be “Unacceptable”
Jeff Sessions promises crackdown on leaks in the US
A 'dark store' tax loophole enjoyed by Target and Lowe's is costing American schools billions
U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact
Number of trans calls to suicide hotlines more than double after Trump’s transphobic tweet
Journalist Sues FCC For Hiding Details About Its Alleged, Phantom DDOS Attack
Ajit Pai's anti-net neutrality plan gets the facts and law wrong, lawmakers say
Why Dana Rohrabacher's name keeps coming up in the Russia investigation
The Note: Reality closing in on Trump with grand jury investigation
Politics Briefing newsletter: 'Do not worry about Canada,' Trump says in leaked transcript
Planned Parenthood ban has caused decline in Texas women's access to health care, report says.
Trump staffers may start undergoing lie-detector testing to discover who is leaking according to Kellyanne-Conway
US willing to join UN climate talks despite its intent to exit from Paris agreement
'Sex and the City' actress Cynthia Nixon may run against Cuomo in gubernatorial primary
Analysis: Trump Turns to Russia Probe to Poke At His Critics
Former officials warn of damage from leaked conversations
Chicago to sue US Justice Department over funding threat
Fox isn’t the only White House cable news ally. Meet the Christian Broadcasting Network.
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Sanders Introduces Bill to Strengthen Veterans' Health Care
Dean Heller’s Reward for Caving to Trump on Health Care? A Million Dollars From Mitch McConnell.
Here Are 6 Things You Wouldn’t Know About the Trump Administration Without Leaks
Trump applauds UN for new sanctions against North Korea
Biden wishes Obama a happy birthday: You are a “gift”
The Moment the GOP Turned on Donald Trump
OPINION | The 5 types of Trump voter: How a fractured coalition can lead to broken promises
Trump retweets election map after W.Va. rally
Trump's 17-day holiday causes a stir
Trump’s Interests vs. America’s, Secret Service Edition
EPA head Scott Pruitt wants to quit enforcing environmental laws — but there’s a way to make him do his job
Senate Democrats Introduce Bill Allowing Medicare Buy-In At 55
How can Kelly tell Trump the truth when his entire presidency is built on lies?
Republican donor from Virginia Beach sues GOP, accusing the party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Trump's jobs tweet might have broken federal rules
Ex-Republican who left over Trump allowed to run as independent in race to replace Chaffetz
The US officially tells the UN it is quitting the Paris climate change deal
Russia's Kislyak: talks with Trump's ex-security aide 'absolutely transparent'
Newsweek's new cover calls President Trump a 'Lazy Boy'
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
Five Years after the Wisconsin Sikh Temple Tragedy, Much Work Remains to Protect Religious Freedom
U.S. Army to stop using Chinese-made DJI drones due to cyber-security concerns - National
Donald Trump widely mocked for his concerns over 'local milk people'
Trump sold his son Eric two $350,000 condos on Central Park - but it was a fair price, official insists, after tax lawyers question whether federal gift tax is owed
53 House Democrats warn Jim Mattis: Trump transgender ban is an 'unconstitutional directive'
Tillerson fears Moscow anger over counter-propaganda initiative
NH Gov. Chris Sununu calls Trump's 'drug-infested den' comment an 'aspersion'
Pence hands over AOL emails from time as Indiana’s governor
A look back at Trump’s anti-vacation tweets as he readies for 17-day vacation
Jeff Flake is trying to have it both ways: Kelli Ward
FBI tracked Election Day social media for fake news from Russia
Kushner Companies subpoenaed over use of visa program to fund developments
Toyota, Mazda plan $1.6 billion U.S. plant, will partner on electric vehicle technology
Why Do Democrats Keep Losing in 2017?
ACLU Comment on Justice Department Announcement on Leak Investigations
Politics Briefing newsletter: 'Do not worry about Canada,' Trump says in leaked transcript
Inside the bills aimed at checking Trump on firing Mueller
Stephen Bannon once guided a global firm that made millions helping gamers cheat
What to know about Mueller's use of a grand jury in the Russia probe
As Mueller Closes In, Republicans Turn Away From Trump
EPA Staffers Are Being Forced to Prioritize Energy Industry’s Wish List, Says Official Who Resigned in Protest
In 'Direct Attack on the First Amendment,' Sessions Declares War on Leaks
Rep. Denny Heck: Trump can't lie to the FBI
Trump Touts 'Clean Coal,' But His Policies Don't Support It
Why is Trump playing hateful gender politics with our military?
The War Against H.R. McMaster
There Are Lots of Women Running for Governor Right Now, and Some of Them Are Very, Very Bad
Trump touts 'excellent' jobs report, violating federal rule
Fox host accused of texting lewd images to colleagues: report
Justin Trudeau Rolling Stone Cover Is Brought To You By Desperate Times In America
How Senators Are Trying to Block Trump From Firing Mueller
There May Not Be As Many ‘Trump Democrats’ As Previously Imagined
Trump Defends McMaster as Conservatives Seek His Dismissal
Trump’s itchy Twitter finger just triggered speculation about an indictment
Why Trump vacation critics are dead wrong
President Trump Mocks Russia Investigation
Rod Rosenstein: Mueller needs to come to me if he wants to chase any crime outside scope of Russia probe
Why Trump’s Phone Call with Australia’s Prime Minister Will Haunt Him in Court
St. Johns County (Utah) Republican party member calls out transgender student
Trump begins 17-day vacation as troubles brew in Washington
White House considers lower deduction for U.S. homeowners
Huff, puff, pass? Attorney general's pot fury not echoed by task force.
Jeff Sessions gets slammed over Justice Department plan to cramp down on leaks
GOP lawmaker: My town hall crowd agreed Trump hasn’t been ‘civil’
Trump has a plan to make health insurance more expensive for you and the government
The Trump-Russia investigation is headed to a grand jury That's huge.
Trump’s reverse Midas touch
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Trump isn't going quiet on Russia. He's getting louder.
Mayor Emanuel says Chicago to sue Trump administration over its threat to withhold grants from "sanctuary cities."
Secret Service ditches Trump Tower space after lease dispute
Republican donor sues GOP for fraud over ObamaCare repeal failure
Trump Defends McMaster as Conservatives Seek His Dismissal
Air Force purchases bankrupt Russian firm's planes for Air Force One
Senate blocks Trump from making recess appointments over break
In Trump’s World, Whites Are the Only Disadvantaged Class
A Bill Intended to Stop Sex Trafficking Could Significantly Curtail Internet Freedom
A village in India named after US president Donald Trump
Sources: Trump administration to deliver notice it intends to withdraw from Paris climate deal
Is Jeff Sessions planning to crack down on legal pot? This letter suggests he might be.
'Death by a thousand cuts': Empty State Department offices sap morale, some staffers say
Facebook is starting to put more posts from local politicians into people’s News Feed
The Trump agenda, as told by Steve Bannon's whiteboard
Maxine Waters: Trump is the most deplorable person I’ve ever met
Jeff Sessions just escalated Trump's war with the media
A Conversation with Al Franken on Trump, the Senate, and Humor
Kellyanne Conway: Russian attack on U.S. not “an issue of potential national security”
Fact check: Trump overstates impact of immigration bill
‘Drug-infested den’ and ‘true American patriots’: Donald Trump’s map of America
Rogues' gallery: These are the Republicans most responsible for Obamacare
Rhode Island becomes 4th state to offer free community college tuition
Pope Francis' allies accuses US Catholics of forming an 'alliance of hate' to back Trump
Eric Trump accuses Twitter of censorship
What’s so “moderate” about constant warmongering?
DGA Statement on Jim Justice Announcement
Schwarzenegger launches new effort to counter Trump on climate
No Free Speech for You
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
For foreign spies, Donald Trump is an easy mark
White House Staffers Pose With Dinesh D'Souza And His New Book On The 'Fascist' Left
DOJ 'Bullying' Cities Into Complying With Anti-Immigration Efforts
Jeff Sessions: DOJ reviewing policies on media subpoenas
Maybe it's time to pull the plug on health insurance
US attorney general says four charged in crackdown on leaks
Graham: Mueller will be held 'accountable' for leaks
US notifies UN of climate deal pullout
Trump retweets account that traffics in wild conspiracy theories, accused Hillary Clinton of murder
Trump's Jobs Tweet Violates Federal Rule - And it's not the first time
Will Trump backlash make American socialists great again?
Trump turns to Russia probe to poke at his critics
John Kelly's big challenge: Controlling the tweeter in chief
DOJ warns the media could be targeted in crackdown on leaks
House Moderates Have a Bipartisan Health-Care Bill
Trump Jr's Russia 'Adoption' Meeting Last June Is Getting Subpoenaed
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Structural Unemployment: Yes, It Was Humbug
Why Does the Trump Administration Suddenly Care So Much About Venezuela?
Report: Mattis had to intervene in dispute between McMaster and Bannon
Fact-checking President Trump’s West Virginia rally
Republican donor from Virginia Beach sues GOP, accusing the party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Dems press FCC to extend net neutrality comment period
Donald Trump heads on vacation, after shaming people who take time off
Facebook Is Using an “NRA Approach” to Defend Its Creepy Facial Recognition Programs
How the Stock Market Will Cripple Donald Trump
Amid Washington dysfunction, lack of accomplishments, Trumps clings to his shrinking support
Nearly 50 Senators Want to Make It a Felony to Boycott Israel
North Korea's ICBM tests a possible deception tactic
Playing Defense
What Trump's poll numbers mean for Republicans
Megathread: Mueller Impanels a Grand Jury
Trump Picks Radical Right-Wing Radio Host to Serve as Top Federal Scientist
US officially tells UN it wants out of Paris climate deal
On Washington: Republican Senator Is on a Mission to Rescue the Health Care Law
Sessions says Justice Department will boost investigations of leaks, may pursue reporters
Secret Service vacates Trump Tower command post in lease dispute with president's company
Trump’s 17-day vacation is more time off than most Americans get all year
Trump defends McMaster in wake of criticism on the right
How Congress' Attempt To Break CDA230 Could Kill Airbnb
4 reasons churches must get out of the business of politics
At Bradley Byrne town hall, questions swirl about Trump's behavior
Scarborough to Jared and Ivanka: Move back to New York
Stephen Bannon once guided a global firm that made millions helping gamers cheat
Newsweek Mocks ‘Lazy Boy’ Donald Trump On New Cover
Air Force signs contract for 2 presidential aircraft
Security for Trump's summer visit ruffles tranquil New Jersey town
Why white grievance remains Trump's fallback
In Latest Video Volley, NRA Targets The New York Times: ‘We’re Coming For You’
Jeff Sessions Wants to Stop Leaks by Targeting Journalists
Emanuel: City to sue Trump Justice Department over funding threat
Pentagon legal team scrambles to devise transgender policy
Emily's List Expands After 16,000 Women Reach Out About Running For Office
Sean Spicer Is Now Being Repped By Washington Power Lawyer
Trump administration 'could sue over discrimination against whites by universities', civil rights activists fear
Grand jury subpoenas have been issued related to June 2016 meeting between Donald Trump Jr., Russian lawyers and others - sources
Trump Watch: Day Two – A Twitter guide to the unfolding drama
Interior Dept Watchdog Launches Probe Into Zinke Calls To Alaska Senators
Hey Trump, Lady Liberty's promise actually matters to immigration law
America’s economy is solid, but there’s no ‘Trump bump'
Trump still has the bully pulpit, but is facing more challenges to his authority
Obamacare was thriving in California. Then Trump happened.
Congress is slowly tying Trump’s hands when it comes to Russia
What Do You Have to Lose?: The Coming Assault on Race-Conscious Admissions Programs
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
Trump triggers debate on impact of immigrants
Hunt for Trump dossier author inflames Russia probe
Meet The White House’s Newest Star: A Whiteboard
Cities baffled as Jeff Sessions targets them on immigration
Trump Claims He Won New Hampshire (Which He Lost To Hillary Clinton) Because It’s A ‘drug-infested Den’
Jeff Sessions just escalated Trump's war with the media
Vice President Mike Pence to Headline Koch Summit
WTF Happened at the White House This Week?
GOP donor sues over failed ACA repeal
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
We just got another look at Steve Bannon's infamous whiteboard, thanks to a controversial White House visitor
Secret Service quits Trump Tower in dispute over lease
Trump's trip to Bedminster prompts protesters to get creative
After years of slow recovery, U.S. economy boasts solid gains
Trump slammed this GOP senator in a tweet—now she's making him pay for it
Kamala Harris is one of the most progressive (and attacked) leaders in America
Manchin dodges party-switch fallout
Trump Rejects the Huddled Masses Yearning to Breathe Free
Flynn files amended disclosure report showing additional payments
FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
Huff, puff, pass? AG’s pot fury not echoed by task force
This GOP Candidate Wants To Gut Virginia's Planned Parenthood From The Governor's Mansion
Donald Trump's new immigration rule would have kept his German grandfather out
No One Turns Out to Vote in Iowa Town’s Special Election
While Trump's away, 'much-needed' White House renovations begin
Bernie Sanders and DNC chair Tom Perez attack Nissan for anti-union campaign in Mississippi
We now know how the Trump presidency will end. Let's hope we survive: Burman
Trump, America's Boy King: Golf And Television Won't Make America Great Agian
Flynn details tie to data firm, transition pay
Federal control board overseeing Puerto Rico's finances to impose furloughs for 1st time in US territory's history.
Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns
Florida Dems hosting fundraiser for GOP lawmaker
Why arguments against WaPo’s Oval Office leaks are wrong
What’s Wrong With Airport Face Recognition?
Donald Trump’s White House, Republican allies don’t want him to fire Robert Mueller
What the Trump-Russia Grand Jury Means
Fmr CIA officer: More shoes to drop in Don Jr mtg
GOP lawmaker: Trump has not been civil
Congressional Republicans are beginning to assert themselves against Trump
'I'm the world's greatest person', US President Donald Trump tells Australia's PM Malcolm Turnbull in leaked phone call transcript
The Gulf of Mexico dead zone is larger than ever. Here’s what to do about it.
Green Party's Jill Stein concerned about 'demonization' of North Korea
Secret Service quits Trump Tower in dispute over lease
Maxine Waters Isn't Running For 'Anything Except The Impeachment of Trump'
New Devotional Highlights Hillary Clinton’s Spiritual Side
U.S. Army halts use of Chinese-made drones over cyber concerns
Trump's attack on Chinese trade gets sidelined over North Korea
Stephen Miller’s strange insult of a reporter is very familiar to white supremacists
Trump and the Paris Agreement: What Just Happened?
The knives are coming out for H.R. McMaster
Michael Flynn details previously undisclosed paid speaking engagements, business positions, and income
Susan Collins: 'Trump can't set Red Lines for Bob Mueller'
Colbert takes on Trump over grand jury, conversations with world leaders
Conway downplays Russia probe after grand jury reports
New GOP ad attacks Manchin after West Virginia governor switches parties
Poll: Three-quarters of Utah voters want Hatch to retire
Trump says he’s been ‘working hard.’ Here’s the current status on things
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
As Jeff Sessions announces leak crackdown, here are 12 major leaks of the Trump era
Puerto Rico governor defies oversight board on worker furloughs
Gingrich says Mueller represents ‘deep state’ at worst
Not even Americans for Prosperity likes Wisconsin’s terrible Foxconn deal
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Report: ‘Professional Cuddling’ Industry Booming Under Trump
Campaign Legal Center requests investigation of Steve Bannon
Readout of President Donald J. Trump’s Call with President Emmanuel Macron of France
U.S. Officially Tells U.N. It Wants out of Paris Climate Deal
A ‘Caddyshack’ controversy at a Trump golf course in L.A.
Donald Trump Is Rapidly Reshaping the Nation’s Courts
Mattis had to wade into feud between furious White House rivals McMaster and Bannon
Ken Starr killed irony today
Chillaxed Vladimir Putin cultivates strongman persona with holiday adventures
Groups File Federal Lawsuit Over Diversity Visa Denials
Trump’s spectacle is outrageous, but not entirely new: He’s the ultimate fulfillment of consumer capitalism
Retired Virginia Beach attorney sues GOP, accusing the Republican Party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Hundreds protest outside President Trump's rally
As a grand jury begins work, defiant Trump calls Russia investigation a ‘fabrication’
Majorities in every state oppose Trump’s transgender ban
The Senate Seems More Willing To Push Back Against Trump Than The House - Why?
Communication Regarding Intent To Withdraw From Paris Agreement
The “this is fine” bias in cable news - Vox
Ryan warns GOP inaction will 'depress turnout' in 2018
New Docs Reveal Trump Admin Ordered Airport Staff to Snub Congressmen, Lawyers During Travel Ban
25 Million Clinton Votes Weren’t Fake
Russian Information Warfare: A Reality That Needs a Response
By end of August, Trump will have spent three times as many days at leisure as Obama
How Sessions can make Trump happy by making reporters’ lives miserable. There aren't many real limits preventing DOJ from harassing reporters.
New poll says Trump removing Mueller would be bad news for the GOP in 2018
Priebus ally Katie Walsh takes key role in shaking up GOP data staff
Judges Threw Out The Conviction Of A Blackwater Guard Charged In A Massacre In Iraq
Poll: Americans in battleground districts would strongly oppose Trump firing special counsel Robert Mueller
Congress passes bill to give veterans exposed to mustard gas another shot at benefits
Secret Service moves to NYC trailer after dispute at Trump Tower
EU to impose more Russia sanctions over Siemens case on Friday: diplomats
Yemenis, Iranians sue U.S. State Dept, ask for visas to be processed
McMaster: Susan Rice Did Nothing Wrong
Reporter: 8 or 9 people heard Trump call the WH a "real dump"
Some Of The Worst DC Swamp Monsters Are Republicans
The Justice Department Is Reviewing Obama-Era Journalist Protections
Trump leaves on 17-day break at golf course as Russia investigation intensifies
Poll: 80 percent of voters disapprove of GOP handling of health care
The White House has thrown its credibility away
Sessions threatens to subpoena press over leaks to make Trump happy
Ex-intel chief warns Trump: Firing Mueller 'would be Watergate in slow motion'
Trump Heads To His New Jersey Golf Club For 17-Day 'Working Vacation'
US officially pulls out of UN’s Paris climate deal
Trump is trying to politicize intelligence to support his Iran policy. That's dangerous.
Maxine Waters next House speaker: Dem activist
US says it will join UN climate talks despite exit from Paris Accord
Democratic Socialists Are Hosting Their Largest Convention Ever This Weekend, At UIC
Jeff Sessions' Tough Talk On Leaks Heightens Fears Of Jailing Journalists
Vox Sentences: Leaks, and the leaking leakers who leak them
Dems to Mattis: Don't comply with Trump's 'unconstitutional' transgender ban
Trump admits he punked his supporters on Mexico paying for the wall
Jared Kushner’s Family Business Has Been Subpoenaed
Collins, Murkowski take CNN behind the scenes of the health care battle
Sessions: Trump admin reviewing policy on media subpoenas
Trump's approval at 33%, 'Sharknado 3' at 29%
McCain: 'You can thank Putin' for low relations with Russia
Pence turned over all state-related emails from personal accounts: report
Marijuana company buys entire US town to create 'cannabis-friendly municipality'
Donald 'I don't take vacations' Trump takes vacation
Trump delays announcement of trade action against China
‘This deal will make me look terrible’: Full transcripts of Trump’s calls with Mexico and Australia
If Trump were an immigrant, he'd probably be deported
In every state, majorities oppose Trump’s proposed ban on transgender military service
Jeff Sessions bows to Trump pressure and launches crackdown on leakers
Trump administration weighs slashing mortgage deduction
Yemenis, Iranians suing the State Department over Trump's travel ban
Opinion | Based on the immigration system he endorsed, Trump would not get a green card
The myth that all black students get a free ride is just that — a myth
Robert Reich: Are Republicans plotting to oust Trump? He thinks so
Shields and Brooks on Trump’s GOP pushback, Russia probe grand jury
Conservative author D'Souza says he briefed Bannon, Gorka on new book
What Jeff Sessions Will Never Understand About Affirmative Action
Trump jumps the gun on jobs report tweet -- again
Why Trump's White House fears April Ryan, one of America's most successful black journalists
Australia’s Prime Minister Slowly Realizes Trump Is a Complete Idiot
New Yorker releases audio of Scaramucci interview
Sessions: Trump admin reviewing policy on media subpoenas
Senate passes bill to give terminally ill patients access to experimental drugs
The real fascists are the friends we made along the way
New York state has became the latest locality to push back against federal immigration agents’ presence in courthouses.
NU Professor, Oxford Employee Wanted in Slaying Arrested
Bari Weiss and the neoconservative hold on the Democratic Party establishment
Parsing the Statement of Manafort’s Lawyer
The real reasons behind the Toyota and Mazda announcement of a new U.S. factory
Four charged with leaks from Trump administration as attorney general vows crackdown
Norman Lear to boycott Kennedy Center Honors reception over Trump
White House unaware of grand jury in Russia probe
Republicans in Congress should be braver
Note to Trump: Non-English speaking immigrants turned West Virginia into a coal powerhouse
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
Chris Cuomo Gets Into Heated Debate With Kellyanne Conway On Live TV
National security adviser attempts to reconcile Trump’s competing impulses on Afghanistan
North Korean ICBM Appears Able to Reach Major US Cities
Sebastian Gorka thinks “the president’s Twitter feed” will solve the North Korean crisis
Hillary Wants to Preach: Religion is playing a big role in Clinton’s post-election tour. What does she have to gain from sharing her faith now?
Kushner subpoenaed for issuing green cards while the administration takes them away
The More You KN-0w About North Korean Missiles
Trump’s reverse Midas touch
Soldiers Promised Fast-track Naturalization Sue Pentagon
Communication Regarding Intent To Withdraw From Paris Agreement
Court Rejects a Murder Conviction and Sentences in Blackwater Case
“The DOJ is open for business” - Sessions looking into when he can force journalists to reveal sources
Today’s Impeach-O-Meter: Golf Party!
Carter Page has been under an intelligence surveillance warrant since 2014
The House recently sided with big banks over consumers
Video: Ed Gillespie Says He Would Defund Planned Parenthood in Virginia
Jeff Sessions May Force Reporters To Reveal Sources Of Leaks
His Grace, Donald Trump
Trump to go on 17-day getaway to private golf club in N.J.
Why the leaked presidential transcripts are so frightening
New bare-chested Putin photos released — 2017 edition, aquatic theme
The Rise of the Violent Left
A letter from H.R. McMaster said Susan Rice will keep her top-secret security clearance
Trump is delusional about his popularity
Meet the Reporter Driving Fox News’s Biggest, Craziest Stories
Health care repeal may be dead, but U.S. Rep. Justin Amash gets an earful at town hall
Jim Acosta Yells at Helicopter
The pitfalls of using Liu Xiaobo’s name in a silly American political game
Senators move to protect Mueller from Trump with new legislation
Military scrambles for transgender policy after Trump tweets
‘This is going to kill me’: Trump begged Mexico president to stay quiet about wall
Donald Trump Jr.'s Russia probe: Grand jury issues subpoenas in connection with Trump aides meeting Russian lawyer
U.S. to Join Climate Talks Despite Planned Withdrawal From Paris Accord
Seek climate advice through established routes: If the Trump administration has questions on global warming, it should direct them to the national academy rather than setting up a spurious ‘red team–blue team’ debate.
Can This National Security Council Handle a Real Crisis?
Trump: Praise for Justice and coal
Two Words That Should Scare the Trump Administration: Grand Jury
The Trump Administration Pledges to Crack Down on Leaks
How Obamacare fails my family
Why Aren't More Native Americans Members of the US Congress?
6 immigrants talk about the anxiety of living in Trump’s America
The barrier to single payer isn’t cost, it’s politics. Under SB 562, a Medicare-for-all bill, not only would every Californian be guaranteed health coverage, but all premiums, as well as deductibles and copays, would be eliminated.
Top FBI officials could testify against Trump
Trump: 'There were no Russians in our campaign'
Hispanic Republicans see political peril in Trump immigration plan
Trump Nominates New 7th Circuit Judge, Wisconsin Attorney
Leaked Trump transcripts show his incoherent, ill-informed narcissism
The job market just recovered from the recession
Watch: Jeff Sessions Says DOJ Could Force Media to Give up Sources
Former Mexican President Vicente Fox drops f-bomb about Trump's wall, again
Trump’s Generals Are Trying to Save the World. Starting With the White House.
Jeff Sessions holds news conference on White House leak investigations - live updates
Uber, PepsiCo, PayPal and JPMorgan Chase are latest businesses to oppose Texas bathroom bill
President Trump is going on vacation to Bedminster. His critics are going to hate it
Trey Gowdy Wasted Millions on Benghazi Witch Hunt &amp; He’s About to be More Powerful than Ever
Attorney General Sessions Holds News Conference on Leaks
White House Colludes With Fox News to Embrace Disinformation
What is a grand jury and how serious is it for Donald Trump?
Secret Service Post Moves From Trump Tower to a Trailer
Sessions: "This nation must end the culture of leaks"
Obamacare Rage in Retrospect
The Trump administration is waging war on diversity
The Atlantic Politics &amp; Policy Daily: Make Juries Grand Again
One weird trick Democrats could use to stop stumbling over Pelosi and abortion questions
Democratic governors: Jim Justice 'deceived' West Virginia
Senate bill would require court's approval for Trump firing Mueller
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
He has the cash and the name recognition. Is Gavin Newsom unstoppable? In the race to succeed Gov. Jerry Brown, it’s Newsom’s job to lose, analysts say
President Trump reacts to bad news by railing on Hillary Clinton's emails
Vox: Top FBI officials could testify against Trump
The Transformation of the ‘American Dream’
Civility is Gone, Don't Let It Devolve into Violence
Schwarzenegger unveils initiative to tweak Trump on climate
GOP lawmakers square off against Trump
5 things Trump did while you weren't looking: Week 9
Trump to West Virginians: 'Are there any Russians here tonight?'
California speaker recall effort reflects Democratic tension
Dana Loesch takes aim at “old gray hag” New York Times in NRA TV commercial
Strong U.S. jobs report seen in July; wages likely rose
Trump turns on GOP Congress
Leak Investigations Triple Under Trump, Sessions Says
Trump will blame anyone for anything — except Russia for its conduct
Fox News anchor says Trump 'misrepresented the truth' — again
‘God, I wish I had jury duty:’ Late-night TV hosts roast Trump over D.C. grand jury, local milk people
Why religious identities are not immune to robust criticism – Paul Russell
National security adviser attempts to reconcile Trump’s competing impulses on Afghanistan
Even after flurry of Senate action, Cabinet agencies are still understaffed in Trump’s 7th month
Tweet first, read later: Trump shares article blaming his policies for health care price increases
Donald Trump is going on a 17-day vacation. Who cares? Except...
Vicente Fox drops f-bomb on CNN
Reminder: Trump prefers talking with Putin over his closest allies, because Putin is more "pleasant"
Senators Introduce 2 Bills To Try To Keep Trump From Firing Mueller
It's official: Here's why Trump's working vacation starts today in N.J.
US attorney general says four charged in crackdown on leaks
Mueller Crosses Trump’s ‘Red Line,’ As Aides Pray Trump Behaves
Mueller’s job would be protected by bipartisan Senate bill
Why Trumponomics cannot make America great again
As investigation intensifies, Trump crows to crowd.
Trump: 'You can thank Congress' for U.S.-Russia relationship at all-time low
America Literally Can't Afford More Military Adventurism
Trump Kicks Off 17-Day Vacation at His New Jersey Golf Club
Female Retired Marine With Viral Campaign Ad Hopes To Bridge Gap In Democratic Party
Asylum seekers flee U.S. for Quebec, fearing their temporary permits will expire
Sex &amp; the City's Cynthia Nixon tipped for New York governor.
White House anger over leaks grows, crackdown promised
'Local milk people': Donald Trump's odd expression inspires memes
Susan Rice didn’t do anything wrong, Trump administration finds: report
Why John Kelly's military leadership skills may play a critical role in Trump's success
'We don't have leverage.' Why the US can't stop the Yemen war.
Mueller Crossing "The Red Line" and he's not looking back!
Trump-Russia probe expands to possible financial crimes: report
Will Mega-Billionaire Rescue America From GOP’s Insurance Mayhem? – OpEd
Trump: We don't want fake news in the US
Trump attorney: Still no reason to believe he’s under investigation
‘You cannot say that to the press’: Trump urged Mexican president to end his public defiance on border wall, transcript reveals
Justice Dept. threatens to cut funds for San Bernardino despite it not being a sanctuary city
Will Trump backlash make American socialists great again?
Americans Urge Trump Administration To Preserve Marine Sanctuaries
Memo to Mark Zuckerberg: So You Want to Be President ...
Trump calls New Hampshire a 'drug-infested den' in call with Mexican leader
x We’re Back to Manafort – Talking Points Memo
Trump plays healthcare politics while Americans get stuck with the bill
Big-name US senators are joining the push to crack down on kleptocrat-friendly shell companies
President Trump Will Be Joined on Vacation By a Drone
Second billboard bashing Sen. Mitch McConnell posted on I-65 south
Sessions Says Trump Administration Has Tripled Number of Leak Probes
A Bizarre Case at USC Shows How Broken Title IX Enforcement Is Right Now
What a Trump Impeachment Might Mean for Markets
Who's who at the EPA? Latest staff picks continue alarming trend.
US Senators Prepare Bill to Block Firing of Special Counsel
'Poetic justice' to hold convention of black American lawyers in Canada: Jesse Jackson
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
Senator Stabenow Announces Medicare at 55 Act
Senate blocks Trump from making recess appointments
Donald Trump is going on a 17-day vacation. Who cares? Except...
Trump's first U.N. General Assembly: An insider's guide
Nearly half of counties have no providers or one for health insurance on the Obamacare exchanges?
Secret Service vacates Trump Tower command post after lease dispute: report
Trump Sees Women As Business Animals Or 'secretaries'
Cities baffled as Jeff Sessions targets them on immigration
Colbert rewrites Statue of Liberty poem for Trump era
Trump rallies his base against Russia investigation
Sessions vows crackdown on leaks of classified information
Comeback for 'legalized money laundering' in party politics?
Trump to Australian prime minister: 'Putin was a pleasant call, this is ridiculous'
House Republican staff argue for contempt charges against CFPB director
Mueller Plunges Across Trump's Red Line
NAACP Issues Travel Advisory for Missouri, Citing "New Jim Crow" Law
Nitish kumar quits as chief minister of bihar
China is our enemy, not Pakistan: Mulayam Singh Yadav in Parliament
finally a plane landed after 37 years
Demonetisation
School Teachers Can’t Wear T-Shirts, Chew Pan Or Use Phone Unnecessarily, Orders UP CM Yogi ~ NonStop Masala
After Result Reaction /Sarcastic/
PM Modi says a donkey is inspirational
BJP Goa announces 21 shortlisted candidates
Kill them all: The Art of Genocide
dirty politics!!
TIME Person of the Year Poll Results: Narendra Modi Wins
Black money
Can Pakistan or anyone not print the fake currency notes of new ₹2000 and ₹500....????
Dirty Politics
Indian citizen arrested for controversial FB posts on PM Modi, RSS leaders
Twitteratis hail Indian Army, Modi for surgical strikes
What gave rise to the Kaveri River Dispute
15 August 2016 Independence Day in India, Share and Celebrate...
List of Chief Ministers in India
Srinagar school in trouble for ‘banning’ Islamic dress
Does Bangladeshi People hate Indians?
Are you with Modi's - 'congress mukt bharat'
JNU Student logic
(NEW!) Big Fat White Whore Fucks And Sucks Big Black Dick In Hotel IzHfQf0r
स्मृति इरानी ने संसद में हेट स्पीच दिया है : जेएऩयू मामले का आरोपी
Modi's joke on Manmohan - Killer
Reddit sucks cock
Reddit stopped me for football
Why is trump good?
Shameful deb fischer! Gag
McConnell gang
PoliSpectrum - A website to give readers a holistic review of critical issues in politics
Three stooges
Military Chief Goes Against Trump on U.S. Transgender Policy
Fruit not far...
Reddit not current?
Hi I'm twelve.
CNN v Reddit
Correct Politics is an Orwellian Concept
Boston Tuft's Nurses Strike - Picket Lines Mean Do Not Cross! 12 July 2017
A House Democrat has filed the first articles of impeachment against President Trump
Why the religious right worship Trump
We've done nothing and we're running out of ideas.
Government Spyware Targets Mexican Journalists and Their Families
Reality Winner has been arrested for whistleblowing and I was wondering what your opinion on that is! [1 min survey]
The Insane Travel and Leisure Costs of the Trump Presidency
Property Rights or Democracy: Cajamarca votes against AngloGold Ashanti
The Vitriol That Is American Politics
Developers now have an API to check Trump's prison status
(Video) The Real Reason Why Snoop Dogg Hate’s President Trump? #LavenderVideo
Miami Ad School Students Highlight Products Made by Refugees in a Clever Sticker Campaign
Don’t Let Them Eat Cake: Maduro’s War Against Bakeries
Does the Muslim ban make us safer? An exploration of terrorism data
Dutch Election (with a Dutch Donald Trump leading in the polls) coming up. Here's all you need to know.
Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be VettedC. Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be Vetted
Is Ecuador in the door of a political crisis?
Venezuela latest delay in delivering oil to Russia and China, will make Maduro lost their support?
New Political Party to Take on Trump
SHOCKING NEWS: Vladimir Putin caught doing COCAINE
Puppet Prime Minister - Canadian Politics 101
Monday Night Talk 10-31-2016 featuring Massachusetts 9th Congressional District Forum
Veritas video subersive that says “Yeah, and nobody is really supposed to know about me.” has been doing dirty work for a long time.
Unconditional Free Income due to #AI eliminating jobs... spot.com
Trump or Hillary? Who to Vote for this Election
Did Clinton propose drone strike against Julian Assange??
Hear Otzi The Iceman Speak Again After 5,000 Years Of Silence
Slimepot Hillary Clinton
DNC Leak Reveals System for Automated Voter Fraud
Hillary: 'RAISE TAXES ON THE MIDDLE CLASS!' - How to Waste Your Life RANT
The Media Forgets
Jill Stein will put Snowden in her cabinet if elected
Announcement: r/Politics is moving to a whitelist domain submission model - please read
Saturday Political Cartoon Thread
Trump Caught on Video Playing Golf When He Claimed He Was Working and Stuff
Pence under scrutiny for using campaign lawyers to hide emails in Indiana
Al Gore to Bill Maher: 'It's time to get rid of the electoral college'
Rosenstein: Special counsel Mueller can investigate any crimes he uncovers in Russia probe
Kellyanne Conway yells “Benghazi!” as veteran anchor nails Trump team for Russia lies
Flake: I wish GOP had stood up to birtherism
White supremacy week at the White House: Even by Trump standards, the racism was dialed to 11
Why Won’t Media Outlets Report Mosque Bombings As Deliberate Terrorism
The Russia investigation is getting serious — and President Trump is feeling the heat
Column: If Donald Trump were an immigrant, he'd probably be deported
Trump Sends Anonymous Official to Defend Vacation And Hide Golf Games
Meet the Democrats Running on Single-Payer Health Care
Fox News host Eric Bolling suspended over 'lewd messages'
Trump relatively quiet on opioid crisis, despite campaign vows
Schiff: We want to meet with dossier author
Why Is Donald Trump Still So Horribly Witless About the World?
Tillerson, Russian foreign minister meet in Manila: interfax
Schiff: Russia probe 'moving into new phase' with grand jury
Donald Trump won the election, and we don’t know whether he colluded — but he’s not a legitimate president
Trump’s malignant pattern: He woos people, rips them off and then abandons them — and he won’t stop
Trump losing ground with his base
How Trump's FCC aided Sinclair's expansion
How Randy Bryce, the Iron Stache, Plans to Take Down Paul Ryan
'Barack Obama Day' Is Now an Illinois Holiday
U.S. Prepared to Launch ‘Preventive War’ Against North Korea, Says H.R. McMaster
Trump Is Definitely Not on Vacation, He Says as He Golfs, Crashes Weddings
Trump’s Base of Support Is Collapsing
Trump's "dangerously low" support among his base
How Anthony Scaramucci rose to the top of Wall Street, sold his company, tanked his marriage, and traded it all for a wild 10 days in Trump's White House
Trump administration stirs alarm over voter purges
Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks prompt strong reaction in New Hampshire
MIke Pence Preparing 2020 Election Run Against ‘Weak’ Trump? Vice-Presidents Team Denies Explosive Claim
Bill de Blasio Will Push for Tax on Wealthy to Fix Subway
Rosenstein Says Trump Russia Probe Is Not a ‘Fishing Expedition’
Kellyanne Conway admits Trump’s approval rating is down
In 1st session, Congress did more to curtail Trump authority than expand it
White House Tries To Shut Down Speculation That Mike Pence Is Preparing For 2020 Run
Conway, ABC host tangle over Trump's involvement in son's statement
Shortage of farm workers leaving entire fields in California, other states to rot
GOP debates deep cut to corporate tax rate
Double standard decried as Minnesota mosque bombed
Like it or not, the Republicans own President Trump
Why Trump Invokes ‘Common Sense’ It serves as a justification for his policies and as an antidote to expert opinion.
New Sexual Harassment Allegations Leveled Against Fox News’ Eric Bolling. The accusations came just hours after the network announced it had suspended Bolling.
Warren: 'I am not running for president, I'm doing my work'
Trump presidency is destroying marriages across the country
Jeff Flake: Trump calling lawmakers 'clowns and losers' isn't presidential
Dean Heller’s Reward for Caving to Trump on Health Care? $1 Million From Mitch McConnell.
Christie: Everybody knows now Trump Jr.'s meeting was a 'bad idea'
Mueller requests White House records on Flynn: NYT
When a Candidate Conspired With a Foreign Power to Win An Election
In Trumpcare's Demise, Public Option Emerges Ahead Of 2018 Elections
"This is not a vacation": Trump kicks off 17-day trip with tweets, golf
Illinois governor signs law to honor Barack Obama’s birthday
Jill Stein Defends North Korea. Seriously.
McCain: Republicans 'see weakness' in Trump
Dems face fundamental problem in Texas: Getting people to vote
Opioid Users Are Filling Jails. Why Don’t Jails Treat Them?
Donald Trump broke an obscure but important rule when he bragged about US jobs report
The Trump Administration Just Dealt a Big Setback to Affordable Housing
Mueller, Trump, Russia: Your Weekend Briefing
Gore: ‘TV news is like a nature hike through the Book of Revelation’
ALEC Push for Constitutional Convention Hits a Roadblock of Infighting, Legal Questions
Christie: Impaneling grand jury a 'normal step'
Diplomats Question Tactics of Tillerson, the Executive Turned Secretary of State
The first Affordable Care Act enrollment season of the Trump era is still a mystery
Like it or not, the Republicans own President Trump
Dear Liberals, Ivanka Trump Was Never Your Ally
Donald Trump: A 71-year-old Man Who Needs A Military General To Manage His Twitter Use
Imagine if Hillary Clinton behaved as Donald Trump has
Republican senator says he wishes party had stood up to birtherism
These Americans beat Donald Trump and saved Obamacare. They say they can do it again
House GOP staffers fly to London to find Steele, invite to testify expected
'We're coming for you': NRA attacks New York Times in provocative video
ARTICLE OF THE DAY: Republican Shadow Campaign for 2020 Takes Shape as Trump Doubts Grow
Trump urges Mexican president: Stop saying you won't pay for the wall
Gov. Jerry Brown: Democrats don't have a Pelosi problem
Google engineer says women are paid less because of biological differences, ignites firestorm
It’s Officially Barack Obama Day In Illinois
Mike Pence shaken by reports exposing his shadow campaign to run for president
“We’ve never seen this before”: Canada struggles to deal with “intense” influx of asylum seekers from U.S.
Donald Trump has a sickening fetish for cruelty
Christie: Everybody knows now Trump Jr.'s meeting was a 'bad idea'
Maker of Clinton Sting Video Broke Campaign Law, FEC Says
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
The Policies of White Resentment
See Pauly Shore Mock Stephen Miller's Statue of Liberty Presser
Germany's Martin Schulz Says Trump 'Far Worse' Than Expected
National Butterfly Center Founder: Trump’s Border Wall Prep ‘Trampling on Private Property Rights’
Prostitution decriminalized: Rhode Island's experiment
Schiff: We want to meet Trump dossier author
Former Mexican president Vicente Fox chides President Trump for taking a vacation
The officers of the Buffalo Police Department went more than four years and 2 million calls without a fatal shooting. What did they do right?
Strong reaction in New Hampshire to Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks
Chicago to sue Trump administration over sanctuary city funding threat
Norman Lear, Kennedy Center Honoree, To Skip White House Reception In Protest
White House silent on Trump's Sunday schedule at golf club
FBI: 'Improvised explosive device' caused blast at Bloomington Islamic center
Trump claims New Jersey getaway is 'not a vacation.'
John McCain on Republican confidence in Trump for 2020: 'They see weakness in this president'
Announcement: r/Politics is moving to a whitelist domain submission model - please read
Saturday Political Cartoon Thread
Trump Caught on Video Playing Golf When He Claimed He Was Working and Stuff
Pence under scrutiny for using campaign lawyers to hide emails in Indiana
Al Gore to Bill Maher: 'It's time to get rid of the electoral college'
Rosenstein: Special counsel Mueller can investigate any crimes he uncovers in Russia probe
Kellyanne Conway yells “Benghazi!” as veteran anchor nails Trump team for Russia lies
Flake: I wish GOP had stood up to birtherism
White supremacy week at the White House: Even by Trump standards, the racism was dialed to 11
Why Won’t Media Outlets Report Mosque Bombings As Deliberate Terrorism
The Russia investigation is getting serious — and President Trump is feeling the heat
Column: If Donald Trump were an immigrant, he'd probably be deported
Trump Sends Anonymous Official to Defend Vacation And Hide Golf Games
Meet the Democrats Running on Single-Payer Health Care
Fox News host Eric Bolling suspended over 'lewd messages'
Trump relatively quiet on opioid crisis, despite campaign vows
Schiff: We want to meet with dossier author
Why Is Donald Trump Still So Horribly Witless About the World?
Tillerson, Russian foreign minister meet in Manila: interfax
Schiff: Russia probe 'moving into new phase' with grand jury
Donald Trump won the election, and we don’t know whether he colluded — but he’s not a legitimate president
Trump’s malignant pattern: He woos people, rips them off and then abandons them — and he won’t stop
Trump losing ground with his base
How Trump's FCC aided Sinclair's expansion
How Randy Bryce, the Iron Stache, Plans to Take Down Paul Ryan
'Barack Obama Day' Is Now an Illinois Holiday
U.S. Prepared to Launch ‘Preventive War’ Against North Korea, Says H.R. McMaster
Trump Is Definitely Not on Vacation, He Says as He Golfs, Crashes Weddings
Trump’s Base of Support Is Collapsing
Trump's "dangerously low" support among his base
How Anthony Scaramucci rose to the top of Wall Street, sold his company, tanked his marriage, and traded it all for a wild 10 days in Trump's White House
Trump administration stirs alarm over voter purges
Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks prompt strong reaction in New Hampshire
MIke Pence Preparing 2020 Election Run Against ‘Weak’ Trump? Vice-Presidents Team Denies Explosive Claim
Bill de Blasio Will Push for Tax on Wealthy to Fix Subway
Rosenstein Says Trump Russia Probe Is Not a ‘Fishing Expedition’
Kellyanne Conway admits Trump’s approval rating is down
In 1st session, Congress did more to curtail Trump authority than expand it
White House Tries To Shut Down Speculation That Mike Pence Is Preparing For 2020 Run
Conway, ABC host tangle over Trump's involvement in son's statement
Shortage of farm workers leaving entire fields in California, other states to rot
GOP debates deep cut to corporate tax rate
Double standard decried as Minnesota mosque bombed
Like it or not, the Republicans own President Trump
Why Trump Invokes ‘Common Sense’ It serves as a justification for his policies and as an antidote to expert opinion.
New Sexual Harassment Allegations Leveled Against Fox News’ Eric Bolling. The accusations came just hours after the network announced it had suspended Bolling.
Warren: 'I am not running for president, I'm doing my work'
Trump presidency is destroying marriages across the country
Jeff Flake: Trump calling lawmakers 'clowns and losers' isn't presidential
Dean Heller’s Reward for Caving to Trump on Health Care? $1 Million From Mitch McConnell.
Christie: Everybody knows now Trump Jr.'s meeting was a 'bad idea'
Mueller requests White House records on Flynn: NYT
When a Candidate Conspired With a Foreign Power to Win An Election
In Trumpcare's Demise, Public Option Emerges Ahead Of 2018 Elections
"This is not a vacation": Trump kicks off 17-day trip with tweets, golf
Illinois governor signs law to honor Barack Obama’s birthday
Jill Stein Defends North Korea. Seriously.
McCain: Republicans 'see weakness' in Trump
Dems face fundamental problem in Texas: Getting people to vote
Opioid Users Are Filling Jails. Why Don’t Jails Treat Them?
Donald Trump broke an obscure but important rule when he bragged about US jobs report
The Trump Administration Just Dealt a Big Setback to Affordable Housing
Mueller, Trump, Russia: Your Weekend Briefing
Gore: ‘TV news is like a nature hike through the Book of Revelation’
ALEC Push for Constitutional Convention Hits a Roadblock of Infighting, Legal Questions
Christie: Impaneling grand jury a 'normal step'
Diplomats Question Tactics of Tillerson, the Executive Turned Secretary of State
The first Affordable Care Act enrollment season of the Trump era is still a mystery
Like it or not, the Republicans own President Trump
Dear Liberals, Ivanka Trump Was Never Your Ally
Donald Trump: A 71-year-old Man Who Needs A Military General To Manage His Twitter Use
Imagine if Hillary Clinton behaved as Donald Trump has
Republican senator says he wishes party had stood up to birtherism
These Americans beat Donald Trump and saved Obamacare. They say they can do it again
House GOP staffers fly to London to find Steele, invite to testify expected
'We're coming for you': NRA attacks New York Times in provocative video
ARTICLE OF THE DAY: Republican Shadow Campaign for 2020 Takes Shape as Trump Doubts Grow
Trump urges Mexican president: Stop saying you won't pay for the wall
Gov. Jerry Brown: Democrats don't have a Pelosi problem
Google engineer says women are paid less because of biological differences, ignites firestorm
It’s Officially Barack Obama Day In Illinois
Mike Pence shaken by reports exposing his shadow campaign to run for president
“We’ve never seen this before”: Canada struggles to deal with “intense” influx of asylum seekers from U.S.
Donald Trump has a sickening fetish for cruelty
Christie: Everybody knows now Trump Jr.'s meeting was a 'bad idea'
Maker of Clinton Sting Video Broke Campaign Law, FEC Says
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
The Policies of White Resentment
See Pauly Shore Mock Stephen Miller's Statue of Liberty Presser
Germany's Martin Schulz Says Trump 'Far Worse' Than Expected
National Butterfly Center Founder: Trump’s Border Wall Prep ‘Trampling on Private Property Rights’
Prostitution decriminalized: Rhode Island's experiment
Schiff: We want to meet Trump dossier author
Former Mexican president Vicente Fox chides President Trump for taking a vacation
The officers of the Buffalo Police Department went more than four years and 2 million calls without a fatal shooting. What did they do right?
Strong reaction in New Hampshire to Trump's 'drug-infested den' remarks
Chicago to sue Trump administration over sanctuary city funding threat
Norman Lear, Kennedy Center Honoree, To Skip White House Reception In Protest
White House silent on Trump's Sunday schedule at golf club
FBI: 'Improvised explosive device' caused blast at Bloomington Islamic center
Trump claims New Jersey getaway is 'not a vacation.'
John McCain on Republican confidence in Trump for 2020: 'They see weakness in this president'
Trump is reportedly considering hardline nationalist Stephen Miller for White House communications director
Obama's army takes on Trump
Fox News suspends Eric Bolling amid sexual harassment allegations
Mueller Investigation Expands Focus to Probe Flynn's Finances
Deputy Attorney General: Special counsel Mueller needs permission to expand Russia investigation
'We're coming for you', NRA tells New York Times in latest provocative video
ALEC’s Attack on Public Education: A Report from the Frontlines
Rosenstein: Trump has not ordered investigation of 'particular people'
White House warns ‘potentially ambitious’ Republicans about 2020
Trump now has the votes to feed U.S. fracking frenzy with new gas pipelines
Rosenstein: We're after the leakers, not the journalists
Republicans begin campaign for 2020 as Trump doubts grow
Rosenstein: Impaneling grand jury doesn't say anything about likelihood of indictments
Nearly 50 Senators Want to Make It a Felony to Boycott Israel
Pence calls the prospect of a 2020 White House campaign of his own ‘absurd’
How A Sub-Party Captured the GOP
Black people aren’t keeping white Americans out of college. Rich people are.
Stop the FCC and Investigate AT&amp;T, Verizon, Et Al.
Trump Casino Trademarks In Macau, "Gambling Capital Of The World," Spark Speculation Of Business Expansion
White House ‘Enemies List’ Drove McMaster-Bannon Feud
Republicans are quietly positioning themselves to challenge Trump in 2020
Don't blame Putin for Trump's presidency, blame American voters
Clinton chief of staff compares Trump White House 'chaos' to television 'telenovelas'
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
Mayor to staff: avoid discussing Trump on city social media
Vice President Mike Pence to Headline Koch Summit
Democrats need more cleverness, strength and vision, Gov. Jerry Brown says
Donald Trump Is Proposing Massive Funding Cuts for Toxic Waste Cleanup
Sessions Put Together a Task Force to Justify Cracking Down on Legal Marijuana. It Said Things Should Stay the Same.
Federal employees step up defiance of Trump
Trump is Making New Legal Immigrant Legislation that would prevent most of our ancestry - including his own grandfather
Mike Pence Just Turned Over His Personal Emails, but Trump Is Still Focused on Hillary Clinton
Pentagon needs an audit
The Oklahoman- Rep Mullins stock ownership raises conflict of interest concerns
Trump Tweets Support For DOJ’s Leak Crackdown: ‘The Tougher The Better’
The Policies of White Resentment
Republicans Plot 2020 Election Plans To Throw Trump Under the Bus
Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak says he and Michael Flynn discussed 'simple things'
Bernie Sanders writing teen guide to political revolution
Minnesota mosque attacked, bomb thrown through window, police say
Insana: Thank global growth for Dow 22,000, not Trump
China urges North Korea to be ‘smart’ and drop its missile tests
Report breaks down how much Congressmen are getting from Pharma PACs
Former Mexican president mocks Donald Trump over golf holiday: 'If you're not happy with job, just leave'
LGBTQ Suicide Hotline Calls from Transgender Youth Spike Under Trump
Georgia GOP rejects a ‘religious liberty’ litmus test for gov candidates
Dayton calls Bloomington mosque blast "act of terrorism"
Is Trump's Justice Dept. cracking down on journalists? Rosenstein says no
U.S. Justice Department not looking to charge journalists for leaks: official
ACLU Sounds Alarm Over Trump Administration’s ‘Threat’ To Free Speech
Civil rights group says it will sue Trump admin over transgender military ban
Israel to American Jews: You Just Don’t Matter
Transgender 'bathroom bill' leaves Texas Christians deeply divided
Trump's Support Among White Voters Plummeted And His Approval Rating Sunk
Eric Bolling suspended from Fox News after allegations of lewd texting
A senior engineer at Google wrote a manifesto against diversity and employees are furious
The Yakima Terror: Ninety years ago in Washington, a wave of anti-immigrant sentiment resulted in horror for Filipinos.
‘This is like medicine to him’: why Trump still needs the love of the crowd
Nissan Workers in Mississippi Vote Against Joining Union After Threats
Donald Trump's tall tales about the '21' Club
Donald Trump's 17-day break 'not a vacation', US President insists.
Maybe the A.I. dystopia is already here
Tillis: Legislation important to 'reestablish the public trust' in DOJ
Gulf War vet becomes first woman in 25 years to lead a major veterans organization
The Mooch's replacement could be Stephen Miller
Donald Trump's Pathetic Lies. Even after two years on the political stage, Trump continues to outdo himself. His penchant for lies resembles an incorrigible alcoholic's thirst for drink: He lives for the next one and can't abstain, no matter what it costs him.
The Latest: Trump’s Ukraine envoy to visit Moscow for talks
'Laughable and Absurd.' Vice President Mike Pence Denies That He's Mulling a 2020 Presidential Run
Mike Pence dismisses NYT story about 2020 presidential run
Opioid addiction centres in US fear becoming 'dead in the water' if Obamacare collapses
White House policy adviser downplays Statue of Liberty's famous poem
As Trump Sings Coal’s Praises, Mine Fatalities Are on the Rise
George Will warns ‘grotesque’ is becoming normal for GOP
GOP senator: US-Russia relationship 'not good right now' because of Putin
White House to become less 'dump'-like in Trump's absence
Donald Trump has a sickening fetish for cruelty
Vice President Pence calls suggestion he's eyeing a run in 2020 'disgraceful'
Political Donors Put Their Money Where the Memes Are
How the Senate Is Subtly Resisting Trump by Not Taking a Recess
A day after leaving CNN, Trump supporter reads ‘real news’ on his Facebook page
Trump defends trip to Bedminster: 'This is not a vacation'
On Russia, Two Trumps: In D.C., Constrained; For The Nation, Defiant
White House Insists Trump Will Run in 2020 Amid Reports of Shadow GOP Campaign
White House to become less ‘dump’-like in Trump’s absence
The White House has always had scandals – but this is what makes Trump's scandals different
President Donald Trump’s slowness to nominate members to an energy commission helped cause a bureaucratic logjam that held up $13 billion in pipeline and gas-export projects
Pence calls the prospect of a 2020 White House campaign of his own ‘absurd’
McConnell overplays hand in Alabama Senate race
Pence calls rumors he will run in 2020 ‘absurd’
Pence blasts NYT report about 2020 ambitions
Senators move to protect special counsel in Russia probe
GOP senator: Trump may have been only one who didn't realize complexity of healthcare
After juvenile justice reform, white kids getting benefit of doubt most often
Black college leaders’ report card on Trump: Still awaiting action
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents - New York Times
White House adviser says Trump’s tweets will bring North Korea to its knees
Lupica: Jeff Sessions’ war on free press is the bigger threat to national security
Sanders Introduces Rule to Require Fair Pricing on Taxpayer-Funded Drugs
Sessions “wrongly targets National Security whistleblowers”
Tillerson Hails U.N. Sanctions, as Chinese Minister Rebukes North Korea at Asean Meeting
Trump is reportedly considering hardline nationalist Stephen Miller for White House communications director
Obama's army takes on Trump
Fox News suspends Eric Bolling amid sexual harassment allegations
Mueller Investigation Expands Focus to Probe Flynn's Finances
Deputy Attorney General: Special counsel Mueller needs permission to expand Russia investigation
'We're coming for you', NRA tells New York Times in latest provocative video
ALEC’s Attack on Public Education: A Report from the Frontlines
Rosenstein: Trump has not ordered investigation of 'particular people'
White House warns ‘potentially ambitious’ Republicans about 2020
Trump now has the votes to feed U.S. fracking frenzy with new gas pipelines
Rosenstein: We're after the leakers, not the journalists
Republicans begin campaign for 2020 as Trump doubts grow
Rosenstein: Impaneling grand jury doesn't say anything about likelihood of indictments
Nearly 50 Senators Want to Make It a Felony to Boycott Israel
Pence calls the prospect of a 2020 White House campaign of his own ‘absurd’
How A Sub-Party Captured the GOP
Black people aren’t keeping white Americans out of college. Rich people are.
Stop the FCC and Investigate AT&amp;T, Verizon, Et Al.
Trump Casino Trademarks In Macau, "Gambling Capital Of The World," Spark Speculation Of Business Expansion
White House ‘Enemies List’ Drove McMaster-Bannon Feud
Republicans are quietly positioning themselves to challenge Trump in 2020
Don't blame Putin for Trump's presidency, blame American voters
Clinton chief of staff compares Trump White House 'chaos' to television 'telenovelas'
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
Mayor to staff: avoid discussing Trump on city social media
Vice President Mike Pence to Headline Koch Summit
Democrats need more cleverness, strength and vision, Gov. Jerry Brown says
Donald Trump Is Proposing Massive Funding Cuts for Toxic Waste Cleanup
Sessions Put Together a Task Force to Justify Cracking Down on Legal Marijuana. It Said Things Should Stay the Same.
Federal employees step up defiance of Trump
Trump is Making New Legal Immigrant Legislation that would prevent most of our ancestry - including his own grandfather
Mike Pence Just Turned Over His Personal Emails, but Trump Is Still Focused on Hillary Clinton
Pentagon needs an audit
The Oklahoman- Rep Mullins stock ownership raises conflict of interest concerns
Trump Tweets Support For DOJ’s Leak Crackdown: ‘The Tougher The Better’
The Policies of White Resentment
Republicans Plot 2020 Election Plans To Throw Trump Under the Bus
Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak says he and Michael Flynn discussed 'simple things'
Bernie Sanders writing teen guide to political revolution
Minnesota mosque attacked, bomb thrown through window, police say
Insana: Thank global growth for Dow 22,000, not Trump
China urges North Korea to be ‘smart’ and drop its missile tests
Report breaks down how much Congressmen are getting from Pharma PACs
Former Mexican president mocks Donald Trump over golf holiday: 'If you're not happy with job, just leave'
LGBTQ Suicide Hotline Calls from Transgender Youth Spike Under Trump
Georgia GOP rejects a ‘religious liberty’ litmus test for gov candidates
Dayton calls Bloomington mosque blast "act of terrorism"
Is Trump's Justice Dept. cracking down on journalists? Rosenstein says no
U.S. Justice Department not looking to charge journalists for leaks: official
ACLU Sounds Alarm Over Trump Administration’s ‘Threat’ To Free Speech
Civil rights group says it will sue Trump admin over transgender military ban
Israel to American Jews: You Just Don’t Matter
Transgender 'bathroom bill' leaves Texas Christians deeply divided
Trump's Support Among White Voters Plummeted And His Approval Rating Sunk
Eric Bolling suspended from Fox News after allegations of lewd texting
A senior engineer at Google wrote a manifesto against diversity and employees are furious
The Yakima Terror: Ninety years ago in Washington, a wave of anti-immigrant sentiment resulted in horror for Filipinos.
‘This is like medicine to him’: why Trump still needs the love of the crowd
Nissan Workers in Mississippi Vote Against Joining Union After Threats
Donald Trump's tall tales about the '21' Club
Donald Trump's 17-day break 'not a vacation', US President insists.
Maybe the A.I. dystopia is already here
Tillis: Legislation important to 'reestablish the public trust' in DOJ
Gulf War vet becomes first woman in 25 years to lead a major veterans organization
The Mooch's replacement could be Stephen Miller
Donald Trump's Pathetic Lies. Even after two years on the political stage, Trump continues to outdo himself. His penchant for lies resembles an incorrigible alcoholic's thirst for drink: He lives for the next one and can't abstain, no matter what it costs him.
The Latest: Trump’s Ukraine envoy to visit Moscow for talks
'Laughable and Absurd.' Vice President Mike Pence Denies That He's Mulling a 2020 Presidential Run
Mike Pence dismisses NYT story about 2020 presidential run
Opioid addiction centres in US fear becoming 'dead in the water' if Obamacare collapses
White House policy adviser downplays Statue of Liberty's famous poem
As Trump Sings Coal’s Praises, Mine Fatalities Are on the Rise
George Will warns ‘grotesque’ is becoming normal for GOP
GOP senator: US-Russia relationship 'not good right now' because of Putin
White House to become less 'dump'-like in Trump's absence
Donald Trump has a sickening fetish for cruelty
Vice President Pence calls suggestion he's eyeing a run in 2020 'disgraceful'
Political Donors Put Their Money Where the Memes Are
How the Senate Is Subtly Resisting Trump by Not Taking a Recess
A day after leaving CNN, Trump supporter reads ‘real news’ on his Facebook page
Trump defends trip to Bedminster: 'This is not a vacation'
On Russia, Two Trumps: In D.C., Constrained; For The Nation, Defiant
White House Insists Trump Will Run in 2020 Amid Reports of Shadow GOP Campaign
White House to become less ‘dump’-like in Trump’s absence
The White House has always had scandals – but this is what makes Trump's scandals different
President Donald Trump’s slowness to nominate members to an energy commission helped cause a bureaucratic logjam that held up $13 billion in pipeline and gas-export projects
Pence calls the prospect of a 2020 White House campaign of his own ‘absurd’
McConnell overplays hand in Alabama Senate race
Pence calls rumors he will run in 2020 ‘absurd’
Pence blasts NYT report about 2020 ambitions
Senators move to protect special counsel in Russia probe
GOP senator: Trump may have been only one who didn't realize complexity of healthcare
After juvenile justice reform, white kids getting benefit of doubt most often
Black college leaders’ report card on Trump: Still awaiting action
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents - New York Times
White House adviser says Trump’s tweets will bring North Korea to its knees
Lupica: Jeff Sessions’ war on free press is the bigger threat to national security
Sanders Introduces Rule to Require Fair Pricing on Taxpayer-Funded Drugs
Sessions “wrongly targets National Security whistleblowers”
Tillerson Hails U.N. Sanctions, as Chinese Minister Rebukes North Korea at Asean Meeting
Republicans aren’t tired of winning under Trump. In fact, more think they’re losing.
Pence to Speak at Conservatives’ Meeting Organized by Koch Brothers
Student loans forgiveness for public servents up in the air!
Ex-Bush ethics lawyer: Use lie detectors on the White House press secretary
Sen. Jeff Flake dings Trump's character again — while defending many of his policies
Jeff Sessions' Attack on the Media Is Worse Than You Think
Russia's Lavrov: we feel U.S. readiness to continue dialogue | Reuters
Fake news site posts that North Korea’s Kim Jong Un is dead for second time in a month
Is Donald Trump Tweeting the U.S. Into a War on North Korea?
California Will Sue The Trump Administration Over Sanctuary Cities — REPORT
Trump volunteer sues GOP over health overhaul repeal failure
Conway: Trump approval rating 'needs to go up'
Mueller asked White House for documents related to Flynn, report says
Republican Senator pours cold water on bipartisan plans to stop Trump from obstructing investigation
The Border Crackdown is Forcing Migrants to Become Mexican Cartel Slaves
The list of things that Michael Flynn could be charged for seems to be expanding
UN Security Council votes unanimously to impose new sanctions on North Korea after missile tests
Tillerson doubles down as China takes new hard line on North Korea
Collins: Trump ‘can’t set red lines’ for Justice Department probe of Russia ties
An Election Reverses Federal Coal Policy
Pence Slams Report on Possible 2020 Presidential Groundwork
The Mooch's Worst Week in Washington
Serving God by suing others: Inside the Christian conservative legal movement
Medicare for All hosts forum to educate community on single payer options
New Chief of Staff Reins in White House Aides-and Trump's Tweets
Other Views: Three reasons why taxpayers should question the Foxconn deal
The Battle Over Smog Is Heating Up (Again)
Hassan Rouhani takes oath for second term with swipe at Trump
Trump was almost the president in ‘Sharknado,’ after Sarah Palin turned down the role
Trump agenda still in limbo as GOP Congress looks ahead to fall
Search For Author of Dossier Led by GOP members
Under Trump, Coal Mining Gets New Life on U.S. Lands
The highlights from today's Sunday shows
Testing the CEO President
Obama Alumni Jump Into Congressional Races Across the Country
Wisconsin workers getting left behind
The future of the Democratic Party could be written in upcoming gubernatorial races
Team Trump Sics Spy Hunters on Leakers
Rouhani warns Trump he 'risks his political life' over Iran nuclear deal as he implores Europe to defend agreement.
Stephen Miller considered for White House communication director job: report
Transgender and 7 years old, a strong voice against Texas’ ‘bathroom bill’
Congressmen oppose Texas wildlife refuge as border wall site
The battle over science in the Trump administration
Mueller investigation enters new phase
Fox Host Eric Bolling Suspended Pending Results Of Lewd Text Messages Probe
Trump Administration Threatens Freedom of the Press in New Leaks Crackdown
Class in America and Donald Trump
U.S. Reportedly Intercepted Suspected Russian Agents' Chatter That Manafort Asked for Their Help With Clinton
The Latest: Trump Defends His Working Vacation
Understanding the Christian Broadcasting Network, the force behind the latest pro-Trump TV newscast
Bobby Sticks It to Trump
Who benefits from discriminatory college admissions policies? White males - LA Times
Jump In US Expats Renouncing Citizenship
Trump supporters' optimism starting to wear off
The GOP has become the party of the grotesque
Amazon is selling toilet paper with Donald Trump's tweets printed on it. Happy wiping!
Remaining Trump Supporters Aren't Doing Themselves Any Favors
Big rise in number of Justice Department active leak probes
Stephen Miller is being considered for White House communications director: Report
Political Parties Near Realignment After Twenty Years of Sorting
What's the Deal, Mr. Trump?
Dirty energy's quiet war on solar panels
In Afghan review, Trump's frustration carries echoes of Obama years
Insider Q&amp;A: Assessing the stock market boom
Republican Shadow Campaign for 2020 Takes Shape as Trump Doubts Grow
Bill Maher: Donald Trump Is ‘Capable’ Of Ordering Assassinations
Trump’s lawyers reportedly warned him against transgender military ban
Report that Pence eyeing 2020 run 'complete fiction': Trump counselor
After sanctions, Tillerson may find Russia talks an uphill climb
The man fighting Donald Trump to preserve America’s national monuments
Florida will pay $82,000 after losing vote-by-mail lawsuit
Paul Ryan embarrassed by constituents at fake town hall
Is Mueller’s Grand Jury Impeachment Step One?
“Anything can happen”: PBS waits for Congress to approve its funding
Meet the new U.S. senators
Gorka: Trump's Twitter feed 'powerful' enough to make China act on North Korea
Kelly tames Trump... for now
UN Security Council imposes new sanctions on North Korea
Trump mingles with wedding guests at New Jersey golf course
Trump's desperate plea: Impeach me, please!
Nissan Mississippi workers vote heavily against unionization
Kayleigh McEnany appears in pro-Trump 'news' video after leaving CNN
Toyota plans truck, possibly SUV production in Mexico after Trump threat
Tired Of Winning? Trump’s Struggles Mean Even Republicans Think They’re Losing
Loaded word of the week: Cosmopolitan
Trump eyes top policy aide for communications director role: official
Bobby Sticks It to Trump
Insane Federal Bill Would Strip Trans People of Their Civil Rights
After six months of accomplishing nothing, can Congress pivot?
Seth Rich Murder: Did Trump Support Fake News at Fox News?
Dem tells Obama: 'We miss your intellect and integrity' in the White House
McConnell to consider bipartisan plan to pay health insurers
Sessions deputy: justice department is 'after leakers, not journalists'
Trump's Approval Rating Is The Opposite Of Obama's At This Point In His First Term (That's Bad For Donald)
Vicente Fox mocks Trump over vacation: 'If you're not happy with your job, just leave'
White House reporters explain why ‘palace intrigue’ actually matters
U.S. crackdown on leaks not aimed at media, Justice Department official says
Booker on hug with McCain after healthcare vote: 'I'm a hugger'
Collins acknowledges GOP ignoring some of Trump’s ‘over the top’ rhetoric
Special Counsel's Office Seeks White House Documents on Flynn
Republicans aren’t tired of winning under Trump. In fact, more think they’re losing.
Pence to Speak at Conservatives’ Meeting Organized by Koch Brothers
Student loans forgiveness for public servents up in the air!
Ex-Bush ethics lawyer: Use lie detectors on the White House press secretary
Sen. Jeff Flake dings Trump's character again — while defending many of his policies
Jeff Sessions' Attack on the Media Is Worse Than You Think
Russia's Lavrov: we feel U.S. readiness to continue dialogue | Reuters
Fake news site posts that North Korea’s Kim Jong Un is dead for second time in a month
Is Donald Trump Tweeting the U.S. Into a War on North Korea?
California Will Sue The Trump Administration Over Sanctuary Cities — REPORT
Trump volunteer sues GOP over health overhaul repeal failure
Conway: Trump approval rating 'needs to go up'
Mueller asked White House for documents related to Flynn, report says
Republican Senator pours cold water on bipartisan plans to stop Trump from obstructing investigation
The Border Crackdown is Forcing Migrants to Become Mexican Cartel Slaves
The list of things that Michael Flynn could be charged for seems to be expanding
UN Security Council votes unanimously to impose new sanctions on North Korea after missile tests
Tillerson doubles down as China takes new hard line on North Korea
Collins: Trump ‘can’t set red lines’ for Justice Department probe of Russia ties
An Election Reverses Federal Coal Policy
Pence Slams Report on Possible 2020 Presidential Groundwork
The Mooch's Worst Week in Washington
Serving God by suing others: Inside the Christian conservative legal movement
Medicare for All hosts forum to educate community on single payer options
New Chief of Staff Reins in White House Aides-and Trump's Tweets
Other Views: Three reasons why taxpayers should question the Foxconn deal
The Battle Over Smog Is Heating Up (Again)
Hassan Rouhani takes oath for second term with swipe at Trump
Trump was almost the president in ‘Sharknado,’ after Sarah Palin turned down the role
Trump agenda still in limbo as GOP Congress looks ahead to fall
Search For Author of Dossier Led by GOP members
Under Trump, Coal Mining Gets New Life on U.S. Lands
The highlights from today's Sunday shows
Testing the CEO President
Obama Alumni Jump Into Congressional Races Across the Country
Wisconsin workers getting left behind
The future of the Democratic Party could be written in upcoming gubernatorial races
Team Trump Sics Spy Hunters on Leakers
Rouhani warns Trump he 'risks his political life' over Iran nuclear deal as he implores Europe to defend agreement.
Stephen Miller considered for White House communication director job: report
Transgender and 7 years old, a strong voice against Texas’ ‘bathroom bill’
Congressmen oppose Texas wildlife refuge as border wall site
The battle over science in the Trump administration
Mueller investigation enters new phase
Fox Host Eric Bolling Suspended Pending Results Of Lewd Text Messages Probe
Trump Administration Threatens Freedom of the Press in New Leaks Crackdown
Class in America and Donald Trump
U.S. Reportedly Intercepted Suspected Russian Agents' Chatter That Manafort Asked for Their Help With Clinton
The Latest: Trump Defends His Working Vacation
Understanding the Christian Broadcasting Network, the force behind the latest pro-Trump TV newscast
Bobby Sticks It to Trump
Who benefits from discriminatory college admissions policies? White males - LA Times
Jump In US Expats Renouncing Citizenship
Trump supporters' optimism starting to wear off
The GOP has become the party of the grotesque
Amazon is selling toilet paper with Donald Trump's tweets printed on it. Happy wiping!
Remaining Trump Supporters Aren't Doing Themselves Any Favors
Big rise in number of Justice Department active leak probes
Stephen Miller is being considered for White House communications director: Report
Political Parties Near Realignment After Twenty Years of Sorting
What's the Deal, Mr. Trump?
Dirty energy's quiet war on solar panels
In Afghan review, Trump's frustration carries echoes of Obama years
Insider Q&amp;A: Assessing the stock market boom
Republican Shadow Campaign for 2020 Takes Shape as Trump Doubts Grow
Bill Maher: Donald Trump Is ‘Capable’ Of Ordering Assassinations
Trump’s lawyers reportedly warned him against transgender military ban
Report that Pence eyeing 2020 run 'complete fiction': Trump counselor
After sanctions, Tillerson may find Russia talks an uphill climb
The man fighting Donald Trump to preserve America’s national monuments
Florida will pay $82,000 after losing vote-by-mail lawsuit
Paul Ryan embarrassed by constituents at fake town hall
Is Mueller’s Grand Jury Impeachment Step One?
“Anything can happen”: PBS waits for Congress to approve its funding
Meet the new U.S. senators
Gorka: Trump's Twitter feed 'powerful' enough to make China act on North Korea
Kelly tames Trump... for now
UN Security Council imposes new sanctions on North Korea
Trump mingles with wedding guests at New Jersey golf course
Trump's desperate plea: Impeach me, please!
Nissan Mississippi workers vote heavily against unionization
Kayleigh McEnany appears in pro-Trump 'news' video after leaving CNN
Toyota plans truck, possibly SUV production in Mexico after Trump threat
Tired Of Winning? Trump’s Struggles Mean Even Republicans Think They’re Losing
Loaded word of the week: Cosmopolitan
Trump eyes top policy aide for communications director role: official
Bobby Sticks It to Trump
Insane Federal Bill Would Strip Trans People of Their Civil Rights
After six months of accomplishing nothing, can Congress pivot?
Seth Rich Murder: Did Trump Support Fake News at Fox News?
Dem tells Obama: 'We miss your intellect and integrity' in the White House
McConnell to consider bipartisan plan to pay health insurers
Sessions deputy: justice department is 'after leakers, not journalists'
Trump's Approval Rating Is The Opposite Of Obama's At This Point In His First Term (That's Bad For Donald)
Vicente Fox mocks Trump over vacation: 'If you're not happy with your job, just leave'
White House reporters explain why ‘palace intrigue’ actually matters
U.S. crackdown on leaks not aimed at media, Justice Department official says
Booker on hug with McCain after healthcare vote: 'I'm a hugger'
Collins acknowledges GOP ignoring some of Trump’s ‘over the top’ rhetoric
Special Counsel's Office Seeks White House Documents on Flynn
They’re Building a Trump-Centric Movement. But Don’t Call It Trumpism.
Kellyanne Conway said finding leakers is easier than leakers think. She might be right.
Four tribes of Trump's GOP opposition
Congress Leaves Town Exhausted, Unsuccessful and Frustrated
Not taking a vacation on Twitter, Trump offers thoughts on Sessions, the U.N. and his time in Jersey
In Water is Wet News, Trump Supports Have Change of Heart
Jobs report disputes Trump claim that immigration hurts U.S. workers and lowers wages
Trump praises AG Sessions' plans to combat leaks
Norman Lear plans to boycott Kennedy Center Honors reception hosted by Trump
With His Back Against The Wall, Trump Again Turns To Grievance Politics
Iran's Rohani, Sworn in for Second Term, Says Trump Is an Unreliable Partner to the World
GOP Senator Laughs In Woman’s Face When Asked To Stop Taking Fossil Fuel Money
Sessions' media attack just for Trump
Anderson Cooper's Show Mocks Vacationing Donald Trump With Snarky Chyron
Mandatory composting? Gavin Newsom isn’t shying away from his liberal record
The Democratic Socialists of America hit 25,000 members. Here’s why this could mark a political turning point
Black plans to keep Budget chair ‘for the time being’
Why Trump Supporters Distrust Immigration and Diversity
Gov. Brown Supports California “Sanctuary Cities” Lawsuit
Undertaker or caretaker? Trump's shifting health law role
UN Ambassador Nikki Haley: 'We're prepared to do whatever it takes' on North Korea
Is Trump’s Turmoil Slowing Economic Growth?
FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
Trump leaves on 17-day break at golf course as Russia investigation intensifies
New Firehouse/0ptimus survey: Trump's Shrinking Base
Calvo asks United Nations to visit Guam, press U.S. on decolonization
Transgender Soldiers Want the Dignity of Serving Their Country
Meet the Reporter Driving Fox News’s Biggest, Craziest Stories
Trump and his real, and unreal, phone calls
Hollywood picks Gavin Newsom over Antonio Villaraigosa in California's race for governor
Trump's "America First" Energy Plan Is A Losing Proposition For Industry. Here's Why.
Trump adviser Stephen Miller could expand White House role, but talks remain informal
Far-right Bannon Affiliates Attack McMaster for Being 'Controlled by Jews' and 'Hostile to Israel'
Nissan workers in Canton, Mississippi, voted against unionizing on Friday by a margin of 2,244 to 1,307.
UN imposes tough new sanctions on North Korea
Paul Ryan: Intel leaks 'the problem of the leaker, not the journalist'
NRA spokesperson to New York Times: 'We're coming for you'
In the race to be California's next governor, Newsom raises more money than Villaraigosa, Chiang and Eastin combined
In Afghan review, Trump's frustration carries echoes of Obama years
All Eyes Are on Tillerson and North Korean Counterpart at Asean Meeting
Trump files notice to withdraw from Paris agreement, planning instead to promote fossil fuels
Mueller requests White House documents on Flynn: report
Not taking a vacation on Twitter, Trump offers thoughts on Sessions, the U.N. and his time in Jersey
Affirmative Action and the Myth of Reverse Racism - The Atlantic
Trump ‘appreciates’ China, Russia backing on North Korea sanctions
Trump Is Wrong if He Thinks Symphonies Are Superior
Al Gore thought Trump ‘might come to his senses’ on climate change. Nope.
Trump’s lawyers reportedly warned against backlash from trans military ban
Mayor: Trump Missed Opportunity to Address Opioids
President Trump settles in for 17-day vacation at his secluded New Jersey club
Would you even care if he was guilty?
Trump’s Worst Week Since Last Week
Report: Trump Eyes Stephen Miller To Replace Scaramucci
House Intel member: Kushner meticulous, "not a novice"
Linn County social security numbers 'accidentally' sent to GOP
Australian TV panel tries to discuss leaked Trump transcripts, can’t stop laughing
What you need to know about the Senate’s “right-to-try” bill
Former Democratic Texas governor Mark White dies at 77
Newsweek's new cover calls President Trump a 'Lazy Boy'
Pope Francis's Associates Condemn American Religious Right
U.S. gives official notice of withdrawal from Paris climate agreement
A White Director, the Police and Race in ‘Detroit’
Civil rights groups to sue over Trump's plan for transgender military ban
The GOP has become the party of the grotesque
10-year-old transgender N.J. girl: 'I feel way more happier now that I know who I am'
How Trump's latest affirmative action move uses the Asian "model minority" as a prop
'Lazy Boy' Trump Has Taken More Vacation Than Obama Did in 8 Years
I'm Beto O'Rourke, and I'm challenging Ted Cruz in 2018
Congress must prove its mettle this fall; it has no choice
Donald Trump Is The Fast-Food President.
The future of the Democratic Party could be written in upcoming gubernatorial races
Trump takes break from White House with 'working vacation'
Migrant deaths at US-Mexico border increase 17% this year, UN figures show
In the Age of Trump, the Service Industry Must Adapt to Nonstop Politics
Trump defends national security adviser H.R. McMaster amid calls for his firing
Clinton's Lewinsky scandal underlines grand jury's threat to Trump
McConnell-linked SuperPAC says it's all in for Heller
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents
GOP efforts to stabilize Obamacare markets might come too late
Black People Don't Get Free College
Everyone in Congress is really stressed about the pee tape.
Strong Democratic candidates join the race to unseat anti-Obamacare Kentucky Republican.
As Democrats Look To 2018, Abortion Emerges Divisive
GOP senator flees from Ohio woman’s questions — in a golf cart
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
UN Security Council unanimously approves new sanctions on North Korea
Chuck Todd: 'I look forward to ignoring' DOJ subpoena
'Further action required' after UN North Korea missile test sanctions, Haley says
Rhode Island just made community college free
Failing Nuclear Power Is Good For Coal, Bad For Earth
Maxine Waters: Pence should be impeached after Trump
The Big Banks and Corporations Financing Trump’s Deportation Machine
Laziest President in American History Departs for 17-Day Golf Resort Vacation
Rumors Of "Purge List" Rattle White House Staff
Sunday shows preview: Senators tout bill to protect Mueller
White supremacists’ smear campaign against H.R. McMaster has officially begun
Fox's Jarrett calls grand juries 'undemocratic farce' one day after calling for one for Clinton
Vicente Fox trolls Trump again, slams his 17-day vacation: 'If you're not happy with your job, just leave'
Old jabs about Obama vacations echo as Trump takes his own summer break
Media's Grim Addiction to Perseverance Porn
They’re Building a Trump-Centric Movement. But Don’t Call It Trumpism.
Kellyanne Conway said finding leakers is easier than leakers think. She might be right.
Four tribes of Trump's GOP opposition
Congress Leaves Town Exhausted, Unsuccessful and Frustrated
Not taking a vacation on Twitter, Trump offers thoughts on Sessions, the U.N. and his time in Jersey
In Water is Wet News, Trump Supports Have Change of Heart
Jobs report disputes Trump claim that immigration hurts U.S. workers and lowers wages
Trump praises AG Sessions' plans to combat leaks
Norman Lear plans to boycott Kennedy Center Honors reception hosted by Trump
With His Back Against The Wall, Trump Again Turns To Grievance Politics
Iran's Rohani, Sworn in for Second Term, Says Trump Is an Unreliable Partner to the World
GOP Senator Laughs In Woman’s Face When Asked To Stop Taking Fossil Fuel Money
Sessions' media attack just for Trump
Anderson Cooper's Show Mocks Vacationing Donald Trump With Snarky Chyron
Mandatory composting? Gavin Newsom isn’t shying away from his liberal record
The Democratic Socialists of America hit 25,000 members. Here’s why this could mark a political turning point
Black plans to keep Budget chair ‘for the time being’
Why Trump Supporters Distrust Immigration and Diversity
Gov. Brown Supports California “Sanctuary Cities” Lawsuit
Undertaker or caretaker? Trump's shifting health law role
UN Ambassador Nikki Haley: 'We're prepared to do whatever it takes' on North Korea
Is Trump’s Turmoil Slowing Economic Growth?
FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
Trump leaves on 17-day break at golf course as Russia investigation intensifies
New Firehouse/0ptimus survey: Trump's Shrinking Base
Calvo asks United Nations to visit Guam, press U.S. on decolonization
Transgender Soldiers Want the Dignity of Serving Their Country
Meet the Reporter Driving Fox News’s Biggest, Craziest Stories
Trump and his real, and unreal, phone calls
Hollywood picks Gavin Newsom over Antonio Villaraigosa in California's race for governor
Trump's "America First" Energy Plan Is A Losing Proposition For Industry. Here's Why.
Trump adviser Stephen Miller could expand White House role, but talks remain informal
Far-right Bannon Affiliates Attack McMaster for Being 'Controlled by Jews' and 'Hostile to Israel'
Nissan workers in Canton, Mississippi, voted against unionizing on Friday by a margin of 2,244 to 1,307.
UN imposes tough new sanctions on North Korea
Paul Ryan: Intel leaks 'the problem of the leaker, not the journalist'
NRA spokesperson to New York Times: 'We're coming for you'
In the race to be California's next governor, Newsom raises more money than Villaraigosa, Chiang and Eastin combined
In Afghan review, Trump's frustration carries echoes of Obama years
All Eyes Are on Tillerson and North Korean Counterpart at Asean Meeting
Trump files notice to withdraw from Paris agreement, planning instead to promote fossil fuels
Mueller requests White House documents on Flynn: report
Not taking a vacation on Twitter, Trump offers thoughts on Sessions, the U.N. and his time in Jersey
Affirmative Action and the Myth of Reverse Racism - The Atlantic
Trump ‘appreciates’ China, Russia backing on North Korea sanctions
Trump Is Wrong if He Thinks Symphonies Are Superior
Al Gore thought Trump ‘might come to his senses’ on climate change. Nope.
Trump’s lawyers reportedly warned against backlash from trans military ban
Mayor: Trump Missed Opportunity to Address Opioids
President Trump settles in for 17-day vacation at his secluded New Jersey club
Would you even care if he was guilty?
Trump’s Worst Week Since Last Week
Report: Trump Eyes Stephen Miller To Replace Scaramucci
House Intel member: Kushner meticulous, "not a novice"
Linn County social security numbers 'accidentally' sent to GOP
Australian TV panel tries to discuss leaked Trump transcripts, can’t stop laughing
What you need to know about the Senate’s “right-to-try” bill
Former Democratic Texas governor Mark White dies at 77
Newsweek's new cover calls President Trump a 'Lazy Boy'
Pope Francis's Associates Condemn American Religious Right
U.S. gives official notice of withdrawal from Paris climate agreement
A White Director, the Police and Race in ‘Detroit’
Civil rights groups to sue over Trump's plan for transgender military ban
The GOP has become the party of the grotesque
10-year-old transgender N.J. girl: 'I feel way more happier now that I know who I am'
How Trump's latest affirmative action move uses the Asian "model minority" as a prop
'Lazy Boy' Trump Has Taken More Vacation Than Obama Did in 8 Years
I'm Beto O'Rourke, and I'm challenging Ted Cruz in 2018
Congress must prove its mettle this fall; it has no choice
Donald Trump Is The Fast-Food President.
The future of the Democratic Party could be written in upcoming gubernatorial races
Trump takes break from White House with 'working vacation'
Migrant deaths at US-Mexico border increase 17% this year, UN figures show
In the Age of Trump, the Service Industry Must Adapt to Nonstop Politics
Trump defends national security adviser H.R. McMaster amid calls for his firing
Clinton's Lewinsky scandal underlines grand jury's threat to Trump
McConnell-linked SuperPAC says it's all in for Heller
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents
GOP efforts to stabilize Obamacare markets might come too late
Black People Don't Get Free College
Everyone in Congress is really stressed about the pee tape.
Strong Democratic candidates join the race to unseat anti-Obamacare Kentucky Republican.
As Democrats Look To 2018, Abortion Emerges Divisive
GOP senator flees from Ohio woman’s questions — in a golf cart
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
UN Security Council unanimously approves new sanctions on North Korea
Chuck Todd: 'I look forward to ignoring' DOJ subpoena
'Further action required' after UN North Korea missile test sanctions, Haley says
Rhode Island just made community college free
Failing Nuclear Power Is Good For Coal, Bad For Earth
Maxine Waters: Pence should be impeached after Trump
The Big Banks and Corporations Financing Trump’s Deportation Machine
Laziest President in American History Departs for 17-Day Golf Resort Vacation
Rumors Of "Purge List" Rattle White House Staff
Sunday shows preview: Senators tout bill to protect Mueller
White supremacists’ smear campaign against H.R. McMaster has officially begun
Fox's Jarrett calls grand juries 'undemocratic farce' one day after calling for one for Clinton
Vicente Fox trolls Trump again, slams his 17-day vacation: 'If you're not happy with your job, just leave'
Old jabs about Obama vacations echo as Trump takes his own summer break
Media's Grim Addiction to Perseverance Porn
This week in Donald Trump’s conflicts of interest: Even the Russia scandal won’t deter him
The Muslim Americans leading the push to 'stand up and be leaders' in politics
U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact
GOP would rather pass no tax reform at all than endanger tax cuts for the rich
Pence on health care: 'It ain't over'
McConnell on healthcare failure: 'Feel better, Hillary Clinton could be president'
President Trump Dismisses Russia Questions as Grand Jury Impaneled
California preparing to sue Trump administration
Trump breaks federal rule about commenting on jobs report
Kellyanne Conway Dismisses Concerns That President Will Fire Special Counsel
These voters in Arizona are fed up with Democrats, Republicans and Trump
Thousands Of Asylum Seekers Are Fleeing To Canada Because They're Afraid Of Being Deported By Trump
House Republican says Trump was just joking when he repeatedly vowed Mexico would pay for the wall
Betsy DeVos Refuses to Take a Stand Against Discrimination, Again
The Memo: GOP questions Trump's Mueller strategy
Donor files RICO lawsuit against GOP for failing to repeal Obamacare
Diplomats laughing at Trump over leaked Mexico transcript
Will Colorado’s Health Insurance Industry Run One Of Its Own For Governor?
50 Years Ago, All Americans Won the Right to Vote. Today That Right Is Under Attack.
There’s no such thing as a Trump Democrat
How the upper middle class keeps everyone else out
Trump’s transgender military ban is now official policy
Maher compares Trump to 'father of lies' Satan
Donald Trump fights back over his 17-day New Jersey break
Murkowski, Sullivan Help Increase Treatment Options for Terminally Ill
Why Is Donald Trump Still So Horribly Witless About the World?
In The States, Republicans Have Never Been So Dominant — Or Vulnerable
Waters: Mueller is going to win
Haley: US will do 'whatever it takes' on NK
Jeff Sessions might subpoena journalists to reveal leakers. Mike Pence once fought against that.
Donald Trump's pathetic lies
U.S. will take 'prudent defensive measures' against North Korea threat: envoy
Trump's risky leak war
Jeff Sessions hints Department of Justice could force media to give up sources
Trump’s Inner Circle Of People You’ve Never Heard Of
Keep the Trump Leaks Coming
Gallup Daily: Trump Job Approval
John L. Micek: Trump ditches 'real America' for Wall Street
Week 11: Gone Fishing for Donald Trump
Trump is a one-man assault on the rule of law
Bill Maher Says Trump ‘Capable’ of Murder: ‘He Loves Dictators’
Former Russian ambassador Kislyak denies discussing secrets or sanctions with Michael Flynn
Forget ‘Tax Reform.’ Republicans Will Settle for Tax Cuts for the Rich.
Trump’s Fledgling Presidency Has Already Collapsed
This Trump real estate deal looks awfully like criminal tax fraud
Trump's Transgender Ban Now Policy
Report: Mueller seeks details from WH on Flynn lobbying for Turkish businessman
Vets used as mustard gas test subjects by U.S. win victory in Congress
White House Forced to Admit to Multiple Trump Lies
You’re fired! Donald Trump’s theatrics vs political reality
'A good man, very pro-Israel': Trump defends McMaster from far-right snipers
Trump national security adviser stresses North Korea threat
Murder Conviction Overturned In Infamous Blackwater Massacre Case
Federal task force reportedly recommends more marijuana study, no crackdown
Bernie Sanders Is Writing a Guide to Political Revolution for Teens
Trump supporters' optimism starting to wear off
Stephen Colbert Wrote a New Poem for the Statue of Liberty, and He Hopes Stephen Miller Likes It
Paul Ryan pushed back on Jeff Sessions' veiled threat to journalists
NH Gov. Chris Sununu calls Trump's 'drug-infested den' comment an 'aspersion'
Aetna CEO: Obamacare 'cannot be repealed, period'
Reggie Thomas looking to unseat Andy Barr in KY Dist. 6
Poor immigrants are the least likely group to use welfare, despite Trump’s claims
Donald Trump Had a Tough Week. Putin Went Sunbathing in Siberia.
Waters: Trump the most deplorable person I have met
Michael Flynn to disclose advisory role linked to Cambridge Analytica
Trump weighs slashing one of the most popular tax deductions
California governor endorses potential 'sanctuary cities' lawsuit
At inauguration Hassan Rouhani urges more talks
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents: New York Times
Trump’s wall will require large seizures of private land — and the cost is unknown - Mexico still isn't paying for it.
The Three Paradoxes Disrupting American Politics
'This Is Nuts': Trump Fumes to Generals That US Should Plunder Afghan Minerals
Ex-Russian diplomat downplays Flynn contact, denies election meddling
Republican Senators Sure Sound Afraid to Go Home to Their Constituents
Three more RNC staffers set to exit
Interior Department investigating Zinke for reportedly threatening senators over Trumpcare votes
Judge partially lifts drilling ban on Sunoco pipeline, postpones hearing
WashPost Reporter: White House Never Tried to Stop Transcripts Story
Shirtless Vladimir Putin returns, this time killing small fish to prove his manhood
White House officials take pictures with author who compares Democrats to Nazis.
Iran Gains Ground in Afghanistan as U.S. Presence Wanes
White House May Use Lie Detectors to Crack Down on Leaks
Trump asserts support for McMaster
US finalizes deal for new Air Force One jets once destined for Russian airliner
Europe and USA on a collision course over Iran nuclear deal
After Sanctions, Tillerson May Find Russia Talks an Uphill Climb
Trump’s Russia Defense Strategy: Bravado, Denial, and Mockery
Chicago to sue Trump administration over funding threat
Trump Administration accused of defying Supreme Court
Flynn files new financial form reporting ties to data firm
After six months, Pence has now turned over all state-related AOL emails, his attorney says
Trump increasingly isolated as disillusionment grows within his own party
The difference between illegal leaks and inconvenient leaks
Donald Trump likely to resign before Congress can impeach him, says senior Democrat
Pentagon Asks White House to Give Lethal Weapons to Ukraine
Why the NRA is going after the media
Court Throws Out Blackwater Guards' Sentences for 2007 Baghdad Massacre
Interior Department watchdog to investigate threat to Alaska senator on healthcare
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Washington State: Any Trump Administration Crackdown On Marijuana Would Be “Unacceptable”
This week in Donald Trump’s conflicts of interest: Even the Russia scandal won’t deter him
The Muslim Americans leading the push to 'stand up and be leaders' in politics
U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact
GOP would rather pass no tax reform at all than endanger tax cuts for the rich
Pence on health care: 'It ain't over'
McConnell on healthcare failure: 'Feel better, Hillary Clinton could be president'
President Trump Dismisses Russia Questions as Grand Jury Impaneled
California preparing to sue Trump administration
Trump breaks federal rule about commenting on jobs report
Kellyanne Conway Dismisses Concerns That President Will Fire Special Counsel
These voters in Arizona are fed up with Democrats, Republicans and Trump
Thousands Of Asylum Seekers Are Fleeing To Canada Because They're Afraid Of Being Deported By Trump
House Republican says Trump was just joking when he repeatedly vowed Mexico would pay for the wall
Betsy DeVos Refuses to Take a Stand Against Discrimination, Again
The Memo: GOP questions Trump's Mueller strategy
Donor files RICO lawsuit against GOP for failing to repeal Obamacare
Diplomats laughing at Trump over leaked Mexico transcript
Will Colorado’s Health Insurance Industry Run One Of Its Own For Governor?
50 Years Ago, All Americans Won the Right to Vote. Today That Right Is Under Attack.
There’s no such thing as a Trump Democrat
How the upper middle class keeps everyone else out
Trump’s transgender military ban is now official policy
Maher compares Trump to 'father of lies' Satan
Donald Trump fights back over his 17-day New Jersey break
Murkowski, Sullivan Help Increase Treatment Options for Terminally Ill
Why Is Donald Trump Still So Horribly Witless About the World?
In The States, Republicans Have Never Been So Dominant — Or Vulnerable
Waters: Mueller is going to win
Haley: US will do 'whatever it takes' on NK
Jeff Sessions might subpoena journalists to reveal leakers. Mike Pence once fought against that.
Donald Trump's pathetic lies
U.S. will take 'prudent defensive measures' against North Korea threat: envoy
Trump's risky leak war
Jeff Sessions hints Department of Justice could force media to give up sources
Trump’s Inner Circle Of People You’ve Never Heard Of
Keep the Trump Leaks Coming
Gallup Daily: Trump Job Approval
John L. Micek: Trump ditches 'real America' for Wall Street
Week 11: Gone Fishing for Donald Trump
Trump is a one-man assault on the rule of law
Bill Maher Says Trump ‘Capable’ of Murder: ‘He Loves Dictators’
Former Russian ambassador Kislyak denies discussing secrets or sanctions with Michael Flynn
Forget ‘Tax Reform.’ Republicans Will Settle for Tax Cuts for the Rich.
Trump’s Fledgling Presidency Has Already Collapsed
This Trump real estate deal looks awfully like criminal tax fraud
Trump's Transgender Ban Now Policy
Report: Mueller seeks details from WH on Flynn lobbying for Turkish businessman
Vets used as mustard gas test subjects by U.S. win victory in Congress
White House Forced to Admit to Multiple Trump Lies
You’re fired! Donald Trump’s theatrics vs political reality
'A good man, very pro-Israel': Trump defends McMaster from far-right snipers
Trump national security adviser stresses North Korea threat
Murder Conviction Overturned In Infamous Blackwater Massacre Case
Federal task force reportedly recommends more marijuana study, no crackdown
Bernie Sanders Is Writing a Guide to Political Revolution for Teens
Trump supporters' optimism starting to wear off
Stephen Colbert Wrote a New Poem for the Statue of Liberty, and He Hopes Stephen Miller Likes It
Paul Ryan pushed back on Jeff Sessions' veiled threat to journalists
NH Gov. Chris Sununu calls Trump's 'drug-infested den' comment an 'aspersion'
Aetna CEO: Obamacare 'cannot be repealed, period'
Reggie Thomas looking to unseat Andy Barr in KY Dist. 6
Poor immigrants are the least likely group to use welfare, despite Trump’s claims
Donald Trump Had a Tough Week. Putin Went Sunbathing in Siberia.
Waters: Trump the most deplorable person I have met
Michael Flynn to disclose advisory role linked to Cambridge Analytica
Trump weighs slashing one of the most popular tax deductions
California governor endorses potential 'sanctuary cities' lawsuit
At inauguration Hassan Rouhani urges more talks
Special counsel Mueller asks White House for Flynn documents: New York Times
Trump’s wall will require large seizures of private land — and the cost is unknown - Mexico still isn't paying for it.
The Three Paradoxes Disrupting American Politics
'This Is Nuts': Trump Fumes to Generals That US Should Plunder Afghan Minerals
Ex-Russian diplomat downplays Flynn contact, denies election meddling
Republican Senators Sure Sound Afraid to Go Home to Their Constituents
Three more RNC staffers set to exit
Interior Department investigating Zinke for reportedly threatening senators over Trumpcare votes
Judge partially lifts drilling ban on Sunoco pipeline, postpones hearing
WashPost Reporter: White House Never Tried to Stop Transcripts Story
Shirtless Vladimir Putin returns, this time killing small fish to prove his manhood
White House officials take pictures with author who compares Democrats to Nazis.
Iran Gains Ground in Afghanistan as U.S. Presence Wanes
White House May Use Lie Detectors to Crack Down on Leaks
Trump asserts support for McMaster
US finalizes deal for new Air Force One jets once destined for Russian airliner
Europe and USA on a collision course over Iran nuclear deal
After Sanctions, Tillerson May Find Russia Talks an Uphill Climb
Trump’s Russia Defense Strategy: Bravado, Denial, and Mockery
Chicago to sue Trump administration over funding threat
Trump Administration accused of defying Supreme Court
Flynn files new financial form reporting ties to data firm
After six months, Pence has now turned over all state-related AOL emails, his attorney says
Trump increasingly isolated as disillusionment grows within his own party
The difference between illegal leaks and inconvenient leaks
Donald Trump likely to resign before Congress can impeach him, says senior Democrat
Pentagon Asks White House to Give Lethal Weapons to Ukraine
Why the NRA is going after the media
Court Throws Out Blackwater Guards' Sentences for 2007 Baghdad Massacre
Interior Department watchdog to investigate threat to Alaska senator on healthcare
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Washington State: Any Trump Administration Crackdown On Marijuana Would Be “Unacceptable”
Jeff Sessions promises crackdown on leaks in the US
A 'dark store' tax loophole enjoyed by Target and Lowe's is costing American schools billions
U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact
Think all millennials hate Trump? Actually, #It’sComplicated.
Number of trans calls to suicide hotlines more than double after Trump’s transphobic tweet
Journalist Sues FCC For Hiding Details About Its Alleged, Phantom DDOS Attack
Ajit Pai's anti-net neutrality plan gets the facts and law wrong, lawmakers say
Why Dana Rohrabacher's name keeps coming up in the Russia investigation
The Note: Reality closing in on Trump with grand jury investigation
Politics Briefing newsletter: 'Do not worry about Canada,' Trump says in leaked transcript
Planned Parenthood ban has caused decline in Texas women's access to health care, report says.
Trump staffers may start undergoing lie-detector testing to discover who is leaking according to Kellyanne-Conway
US willing to join UN climate talks despite its intent to exit from Paris agreement
'Sex and the City' actress Cynthia Nixon may run against Cuomo in gubernatorial primary
Analysis: Trump Turns to Russia Probe to Poke At His Critics
Former officials warn of damage from leaked conversations
Chicago to sue US Justice Department over funding threat
Fox isn’t the only White House cable news ally. Meet the Christian Broadcasting Network.
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Sanders Introduces Bill to Strengthen Veterans' Health Care
Dean Heller’s Reward for Caving to Trump on Health Care? A Million Dollars From Mitch McConnell.
Here Are 6 Things You Wouldn’t Know About the Trump Administration Without Leaks
Trump applauds UN for new sanctions against North Korea
Biden wishes Obama a happy birthday: You are a “gift”
The Moment the GOP Turned on Donald Trump
Trump retweets election map after W.Va. rally
OPINION | The 5 types of Trump voter: How a fractured coalition can lead to broken promises
Trump's 17-day holiday causes a stir
Trump’s Interests vs. America’s, Secret Service Edition
EPA head Scott Pruitt wants to quit enforcing environmental laws — but there’s a way to make him do his job
Senate Democrats Introduce Bill Allowing Medicare Buy-In At 55
How can Kelly tell Trump the truth when his entire presidency is built on lies?
Report: H.R. McMaster 'Increasingly Volatile' and 'Frequently Blows His Top'
Republican donor from Virginia Beach sues GOP, accusing the party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Trump's jobs tweet might have broken federal rules
Ex-Republican who left over Trump allowed to run as independent in race to replace Chaffetz
The US officially tells the UN it is quitting the Paris climate change deal
Russia's Kislyak: talks with Trump's ex-security aide 'absolutely transparent'
Newsweek's new cover calls President Trump a 'Lazy Boy'
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
Five Years after the Wisconsin Sikh Temple Tragedy, Much Work Remains to Protect Religious Freedom
U.S. Army to stop using Chinese-made DJI drones due to cyber-security concerns - National
Donald Trump widely mocked for his concerns over 'local milk people'
Trump sold his son Eric two $350,000 condos on Central Park - but it was a fair price, official insists, after tax lawyers question whether federal gift tax is owed
53 House Democrats warn Jim Mattis: Trump transgender ban is an 'unconstitutional directive'
Tillerson fears Moscow anger over counter-propaganda initiative
NH Gov. Chris Sununu calls Trump's 'drug-infested den' comment an 'aspersion'
Pence hands over AOL emails from time as Indiana’s governor
A look back at Trump’s anti-vacation tweets as he readies for 17-day vacation
Jeff Flake is trying to have it both ways: Kelli Ward
FBI tracked Election Day social media for fake news from Russia
Kushner Companies subpoenaed over use of visa program to fund developments
Toyota, Mazda plan $1.6 billion U.S. plant, will partner on electric vehicle technology
ACLU Comment on Justice Department Announcement on Leak Investigations
Politics Briefing newsletter: 'Do not worry about Canada,' Trump says in leaked transcript
Inside the bills aimed at checking Trump on firing Mueller
Stephen Bannon once guided a global firm that made millions helping gamers cheat
What to know about Mueller's use of a grand jury in the Russia probe
As Mueller Closes In, Republicans Turn Away From Trump
EPA Staffers Are Being Forced to Prioritize Energy Industry’s Wish List, Says Official Who Resigned in Protest
In 'Direct Attack on the First Amendment,' Sessions Declares War on Leaks
Rep. Denny Heck: Trump can't lie to the FBI
Trump Touts 'Clean Coal,' But His Policies Don't Support It
Why is Trump playing hateful gender politics with our military?
The War Against H.R. McMaster
There Are Lots of Women Running for Governor Right Now, and Some of Them Are Very, Very Bad
Trump touts 'excellent' jobs report, violating federal rule
Fox host accused of texting lewd images to colleagues: report
Trump praises Sessions for 'taking action' against leaks
Justin Trudeau Rolling Stone Cover Is Brought To You By Desperate Times In America
How Senators Are Trying to Block Trump From Firing Mueller
There May Not Be As Many ‘Trump Democrats’ As Previously Imagined
Trump Defends McMaster as Conservatives Seek His Dismissal
Trump’s itchy Twitter finger just triggered speculation about an indictment
Why Trump vacation critics are dead wrong
President Trump Mocks Russia Investigation
Why Trump’s Phone Call with Australia’s Prime Minister Will Haunt Him in Court
St. Johns County (Utah) Republican party member calls out transgender student
Trump begins 17-day vacation as troubles brew in Washington
Will our future leaders emulate Donald Trump or Jeff Flake?
White House considers lower deduction for U.S. homeowners
Huff, puff, pass? Attorney general's pot fury not echoed by task force.
Former CNN commentator Kayleigh McEnany presents President Trump's 'news of the week'
Jeff Sessions gets slammed over Justice Department plan to cramp down on leaks
GOP lawmaker: My town hall crowd agreed Trump hasn’t been ‘civil’
Trump has a plan to make health insurance more expensive for you and the government
The Trump-Russia investigation is headed to a grand jury That's huge.
Trump’s reverse Midas touch
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Trump isn't going quiet on Russia. He's getting louder.
Mayor Emanuel says Chicago to sue Trump administration over its threat to withhold grants from "sanctuary cities."
Secret Service ditches Trump Tower space after lease dispute
Republican donor sues GOP for fraud over ObamaCare repeal failure
Trump Defends McMaster as Conservatives Seek His Dismissal
Air Force purchases bankrupt Russian firm's planes for Air Force One
Senate blocks Trump from making recess appointments over break
Rod Rosenstein: Mueller needs to come to me if he wants to chase any crime outside scope of Russia probe
In Trump’s World, Whites Are the Only Disadvantaged Class
Republicans attack Democrats on government-run healthcare after Obamacare repeal failure
A Bill Intended to Stop Sex Trafficking Could Significantly Curtail Internet Freedom
Jeff Sessions promises crackdown on leaks in the US
A 'dark store' tax loophole enjoyed by Target and Lowe's is costing American schools billions
U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact
Think all millennials hate Trump? Actually, #It’sComplicated.
Number of trans calls to suicide hotlines more than double after Trump’s transphobic tweet
Journalist Sues FCC For Hiding Details About Its Alleged, Phantom DDOS Attack
Ajit Pai's anti-net neutrality plan gets the facts and law wrong, lawmakers say
Why Dana Rohrabacher's name keeps coming up in the Russia investigation
The Note: Reality closing in on Trump with grand jury investigation
Politics Briefing newsletter: 'Do not worry about Canada,' Trump says in leaked transcript
Planned Parenthood ban has caused decline in Texas women's access to health care, report says.
Trump staffers may start undergoing lie-detector testing to discover who is leaking according to Kellyanne-Conway
US willing to join UN climate talks despite its intent to exit from Paris agreement
'Sex and the City' actress Cynthia Nixon may run against Cuomo in gubernatorial primary
Analysis: Trump Turns to Russia Probe to Poke At His Critics
Former officials warn of damage from leaked conversations
Chicago to sue US Justice Department over funding threat
Fox isn’t the only White House cable news ally. Meet the Christian Broadcasting Network.
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Sanders Introduces Bill to Strengthen Veterans' Health Care
Dean Heller’s Reward for Caving to Trump on Health Care? A Million Dollars From Mitch McConnell.
Here Are 6 Things You Wouldn’t Know About the Trump Administration Without Leaks
Trump applauds UN for new sanctions against North Korea
Biden wishes Obama a happy birthday: You are a “gift”
The Moment the GOP Turned on Donald Trump
Trump retweets election map after W.Va. rally
OPINION | The 5 types of Trump voter: How a fractured coalition can lead to broken promises
Trump's 17-day holiday causes a stir
Trump’s Interests vs. America’s, Secret Service Edition
EPA head Scott Pruitt wants to quit enforcing environmental laws — but there’s a way to make him do his job
Senate Democrats Introduce Bill Allowing Medicare Buy-In At 55
How can Kelly tell Trump the truth when his entire presidency is built on lies?
Report: H.R. McMaster 'Increasingly Volatile' and 'Frequently Blows His Top'
Republican donor from Virginia Beach sues GOP, accusing the party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Trump's jobs tweet might have broken federal rules
Ex-Republican who left over Trump allowed to run as independent in race to replace Chaffetz
The US officially tells the UN it is quitting the Paris climate change deal
Russia's Kislyak: talks with Trump's ex-security aide 'absolutely transparent'
Newsweek's new cover calls President Trump a 'Lazy Boy'
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
Five Years after the Wisconsin Sikh Temple Tragedy, Much Work Remains to Protect Religious Freedom
U.S. Army to stop using Chinese-made DJI drones due to cyber-security concerns - National
Donald Trump widely mocked for his concerns over 'local milk people'
Trump sold his son Eric two $350,000 condos on Central Park - but it was a fair price, official insists, after tax lawyers question whether federal gift tax is owed
53 House Democrats warn Jim Mattis: Trump transgender ban is an 'unconstitutional directive'
Tillerson fears Moscow anger over counter-propaganda initiative
NH Gov. Chris Sununu calls Trump's 'drug-infested den' comment an 'aspersion'
Pence hands over AOL emails from time as Indiana’s governor
A look back at Trump’s anti-vacation tweets as he readies for 17-day vacation
Jeff Flake is trying to have it both ways: Kelli Ward
FBI tracked Election Day social media for fake news from Russia
Kushner Companies subpoenaed over use of visa program to fund developments
Toyota, Mazda plan $1.6 billion U.S. plant, will partner on electric vehicle technology
ACLU Comment on Justice Department Announcement on Leak Investigations
Politics Briefing newsletter: 'Do not worry about Canada,' Trump says in leaked transcript
Inside the bills aimed at checking Trump on firing Mueller
Stephen Bannon once guided a global firm that made millions helping gamers cheat
What to know about Mueller's use of a grand jury in the Russia probe
As Mueller Closes In, Republicans Turn Away From Trump
EPA Staffers Are Being Forced to Prioritize Energy Industry’s Wish List, Says Official Who Resigned in Protest
In 'Direct Attack on the First Amendment,' Sessions Declares War on Leaks
Rep. Denny Heck: Trump can't lie to the FBI
Trump Touts 'Clean Coal,' But His Policies Don't Support It
Why is Trump playing hateful gender politics with our military?
The War Against H.R. McMaster
There Are Lots of Women Running for Governor Right Now, and Some of Them Are Very, Very Bad
Trump touts 'excellent' jobs report, violating federal rule
Fox host accused of texting lewd images to colleagues: report
Trump praises Sessions for 'taking action' against leaks
Justin Trudeau Rolling Stone Cover Is Brought To You By Desperate Times In America
How Senators Are Trying to Block Trump From Firing Mueller
There May Not Be As Many ‘Trump Democrats’ As Previously Imagined
Trump Defends McMaster as Conservatives Seek His Dismissal
Trump’s itchy Twitter finger just triggered speculation about an indictment
Why Trump vacation critics are dead wrong
President Trump Mocks Russia Investigation
Why Trump’s Phone Call with Australia’s Prime Minister Will Haunt Him in Court
St. Johns County (Utah) Republican party member calls out transgender student
Trump begins 17-day vacation as troubles brew in Washington
Will our future leaders emulate Donald Trump or Jeff Flake?
White House considers lower deduction for U.S. homeowners
Huff, puff, pass? Attorney general's pot fury not echoed by task force.
Former CNN commentator Kayleigh McEnany presents President Trump's 'news of the week'
Jeff Sessions gets slammed over Justice Department plan to cramp down on leaks
GOP lawmaker: My town hall crowd agreed Trump hasn’t been ‘civil’
Trump has a plan to make health insurance more expensive for you and the government
The Trump-Russia investigation is headed to a grand jury That's huge.
Trump’s reverse Midas touch
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Trump isn't going quiet on Russia. He's getting louder.
Mayor Emanuel says Chicago to sue Trump administration over its threat to withhold grants from "sanctuary cities."
Secret Service ditches Trump Tower space after lease dispute
Republican donor sues GOP for fraud over ObamaCare repeal failure
Trump Defends McMaster as Conservatives Seek His Dismissal
Air Force purchases bankrupt Russian firm's planes for Air Force One
Senate blocks Trump from making recess appointments over break
Rod Rosenstein: Mueller needs to come to me if he wants to chase any crime outside scope of Russia probe
In Trump’s World, Whites Are the Only Disadvantaged Class
Republicans attack Democrats on government-run healthcare after Obamacare repeal failure
A Bill Intended to Stop Sex Trafficking Could Significantly Curtail Internet Freedom
What’s so “moderate” about constant warmongering?
Sources: Trump administration to deliver notice it intends to withdraw from Paris climate deal
Is Jeff Sessions planning to crack down on legal pot? This letter suggests he might be.
'Death by a thousand cuts': Empty State Department offices sap morale, some staffers say
Facebook is starting to put more posts from local politicians into people’s News Feed
The Trump agenda, as told by Steve Bannon's whiteboard
Maxine Waters: Trump is the most deplorable person I’ve ever met
Jeff Sessions just escalated Trump's war with the media
A Conversation with Al Franken on Trump, the Senate, and Humor
Kellyanne Conway: Russian attack on U.S. not “an issue of potential national security”
Fact check: Trump overstates impact of immigration bill
‘Drug-infested den’ and ‘true American patriots’: Donald Trump’s map of America
Rhode Island becomes 4th state to offer free community college tuition
Pope Francis' allies accuses US Catholics of forming an 'alliance of hate' to back Trump
Eric Trump accuses Twitter of censorship
DGA Statement on Jim Justice Announcement
Schwarzenegger launches new effort to counter Trump on climate
No Free Speech for You
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
For foreign spies, Donald Trump is an easy mark
White House Staffers Pose With Dinesh D'Souza And His New Book On The 'Fascist' Left
DOJ 'Bullying' Cities Into Complying With Anti-Immigration Efforts
Jeff Sessions: DOJ reviewing policies on media subpoenas
Maybe it's time to pull the plug on health insurance
US attorney general says four charged in crackdown on leaks
Graham: Mueller will be held 'accountable' for leaks
US notifies UN of climate deal pullout
Trump retweets account that traffics in wild conspiracy theories, accused Hillary Clinton of murder
Trump's Jobs Tweet Violates Federal Rule - And it's not the first time
Will Trump backlash make American socialists great again?
Trump turns to Russia probe to poke at his critics
John Kelly's big challenge: Controlling the tweeter in chief
DOJ warns the media could be targeted in crackdown on leaks
House Moderates Have a Bipartisan Health-Care Bill
Trump Jr's Russia 'Adoption' Meeting Last June Is Getting Subpoenaed
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Structural Unemployment: Yes, It Was Humbug
Why Does the Trump Administration Suddenly Care So Much About Venezuela?
Report: Mattis had to intervene in dispute between McMaster and Bannon
Fact-checking President Trump’s West Virginia rally
Republican donor from Virginia Beach sues GOP, accusing the party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Dems press FCC to extend net neutrality comment period
Why Do Democrats Keep Losing in 2017?
Donald Trump heads on vacation, after shaming people who take time off
Facebook Is Using an “NRA Approach” to Defend Its Creepy Facial Recognition Programs
How the Stock Market Will Cripple Donald Trump
Amid Washington dysfunction, lack of accomplishments, Trumps clings to his shrinking support
Nearly 50 Senators Want to Make It a Felony to Boycott Israel
North Korea's ICBM tests a possible deception tactic
What Trump's poll numbers mean for Republicans
Megathread: Mueller Impanels a Grand Jury
Trump Picks Radical Right-Wing Radio Host to Serve as Top Federal Scientist
US officially tells UN it wants out of Paris climate deal
A village in India named after US president Donald Trump
On Washington: Republican Senator Is on a Mission to Rescue the Health Care Law
Sessions says Justice Department will boost investigations of leaks, may pursue reporters
Secret Service vacates Trump Tower command post in lease dispute with president's company
Rogues' gallery: These are the Republicans most responsible for Obamacare
Trump’s 17-day vacation is more time off than most Americans get all year
Trump defends McMaster in wake of criticism on the right
How Congress' Attempt To Break CDA230 Could Kill Airbnb
4 reasons churches must get out of the business of politics
At Bradley Byrne town hall, questions swirl about Trump's behavior
Scarborough to Jared and Ivanka: Move back to New York
Stephen Bannon once guided a global firm that made millions helping gamers cheat
Newsweek Mocks ‘Lazy Boy’ Donald Trump On New Cover
Air Force signs contract for 2 presidential aircraft
Security for Trump's summer visit ruffles tranquil New Jersey town
Why white grievance remains Trump's fallback
Playing Defense
In Latest Video Volley, NRA Targets The New York Times: ‘We’re Coming For You’
Jeff Sessions Wants to Stop Leaks by Targeting Journalists
Emanuel: City to sue Trump Justice Department over funding threat
Pentagon legal team scrambles to devise transgender policy
Emily's List Expands After 16,000 Women Reach Out About Running For Office
Sean Spicer Is Now Being Repped By Washington Power Lawyer
Grand jury subpoenas have been issued related to June 2016 meeting between Donald Trump Jr., Russian lawyers and others - sources
Trump Watch: Day Two – A Twitter guide to the unfolding drama
Interior Dept Watchdog Launches Probe Into Zinke Calls To Alaska Senators
Hey Trump, Lady Liberty's promise actually matters to immigration law
America’s economy is solid, but there’s no ‘Trump bump'
Trump still has the bully pulpit, but is facing more challenges to his authority
Obamacare was thriving in California. Then Trump happened.
Congress is slowly tying Trump’s hands when it comes to Russia
What Do You Have to Lose?: The Coming Assault on Race-Conscious Admissions Programs
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
Trump triggers debate on impact of immigrants
Hunt for Trump dossier author inflames Russia probe
Meet The White House’s Newest Star: A Whiteboard
Cities baffled as Jeff Sessions targets them on immigration
Trump Claims He Won New Hampshire (Which He Lost To Hillary Clinton) Because It’s A ‘drug-infested Den’
Jeff Sessions just escalated Trump's war with the media
GOP donor sues over failed ACA repeal
Vice President Mike Pence to Headline Koch Summit
WTF Happened at the White House This Week?
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
We just got another look at Steve Bannon's infamous whiteboard, thanks to a controversial White House visitor
Secret Service quits Trump Tower in dispute over lease
Trump's trip to Bedminster prompts protesters to get creative
After years of slow recovery, U.S. economy boasts solid gains
What’s so “moderate” about constant warmongering?
Sources: Trump administration to deliver notice it intends to withdraw from Paris climate deal
Is Jeff Sessions planning to crack down on legal pot? This letter suggests he might be.
'Death by a thousand cuts': Empty State Department offices sap morale, some staffers say
Facebook is starting to put more posts from local politicians into people’s News Feed
The Trump agenda, as told by Steve Bannon's whiteboard
Maxine Waters: Trump is the most deplorable person I’ve ever met
Jeff Sessions just escalated Trump's war with the media
A Conversation with Al Franken on Trump, the Senate, and Humor
Kellyanne Conway: Russian attack on U.S. not “an issue of potential national security”
Fact check: Trump overstates impact of immigration bill
‘Drug-infested den’ and ‘true American patriots’: Donald Trump’s map of America
Rhode Island becomes 4th state to offer free community college tuition
Pope Francis' allies accuses US Catholics of forming an 'alliance of hate' to back Trump
Eric Trump accuses Twitter of censorship
DGA Statement on Jim Justice Announcement
Schwarzenegger launches new effort to counter Trump on climate
No Free Speech for You
Trump administration goes on attack against leakers, journalists
For foreign spies, Donald Trump is an easy mark
White House Staffers Pose With Dinesh D'Souza And His New Book On The 'Fascist' Left
DOJ 'Bullying' Cities Into Complying With Anti-Immigration Efforts
Jeff Sessions: DOJ reviewing policies on media subpoenas
Maybe it's time to pull the plug on health insurance
US attorney general says four charged in crackdown on leaks
Graham: Mueller will be held 'accountable' for leaks
US notifies UN of climate deal pullout
Trump retweets account that traffics in wild conspiracy theories, accused Hillary Clinton of murder
Trump's Jobs Tweet Violates Federal Rule - And it's not the first time
Will Trump backlash make American socialists great again?
Trump turns to Russia probe to poke at his critics
John Kelly's big challenge: Controlling the tweeter in chief
DOJ warns the media could be targeted in crackdown on leaks
House Moderates Have a Bipartisan Health-Care Bill
Trump Jr's Russia 'Adoption' Meeting Last June Is Getting Subpoenaed
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Structural Unemployment: Yes, It Was Humbug
Why Does the Trump Administration Suddenly Care So Much About Venezuela?
Report: Mattis had to intervene in dispute between McMaster and Bannon
Fact-checking President Trump’s West Virginia rally
Republican donor from Virginia Beach sues GOP, accusing the party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Dems press FCC to extend net neutrality comment period
Why Do Democrats Keep Losing in 2017?
Donald Trump heads on vacation, after shaming people who take time off
Facebook Is Using an “NRA Approach” to Defend Its Creepy Facial Recognition Programs
How the Stock Market Will Cripple Donald Trump
Amid Washington dysfunction, lack of accomplishments, Trumps clings to his shrinking support
Nearly 50 Senators Want to Make It a Felony to Boycott Israel
North Korea's ICBM tests a possible deception tactic
What Trump's poll numbers mean for Republicans
Megathread: Mueller Impanels a Grand Jury
Trump Picks Radical Right-Wing Radio Host to Serve as Top Federal Scientist
US officially tells UN it wants out of Paris climate deal
A village in India named after US president Donald Trump
On Washington: Republican Senator Is on a Mission to Rescue the Health Care Law
Sessions says Justice Department will boost investigations of leaks, may pursue reporters
Secret Service vacates Trump Tower command post in lease dispute with president's company
Rogues' gallery: These are the Republicans most responsible for Obamacare
Trump’s 17-day vacation is more time off than most Americans get all year
Trump defends McMaster in wake of criticism on the right
How Congress' Attempt To Break CDA230 Could Kill Airbnb
4 reasons churches must get out of the business of politics
At Bradley Byrne town hall, questions swirl about Trump's behavior
Scarborough to Jared and Ivanka: Move back to New York
Stephen Bannon once guided a global firm that made millions helping gamers cheat
Newsweek Mocks ‘Lazy Boy’ Donald Trump On New Cover
Air Force signs contract for 2 presidential aircraft
Security for Trump's summer visit ruffles tranquil New Jersey town
Why white grievance remains Trump's fallback
Playing Defense
In Latest Video Volley, NRA Targets The New York Times: ‘We’re Coming For You’
Jeff Sessions Wants to Stop Leaks by Targeting Journalists
Emanuel: City to sue Trump Justice Department over funding threat
Pentagon legal team scrambles to devise transgender policy
Emily's List Expands After 16,000 Women Reach Out About Running For Office
Sean Spicer Is Now Being Repped By Washington Power Lawyer
Grand jury subpoenas have been issued related to June 2016 meeting between Donald Trump Jr., Russian lawyers and others - sources
Trump Watch: Day Two – A Twitter guide to the unfolding drama
Interior Dept Watchdog Launches Probe Into Zinke Calls To Alaska Senators
Hey Trump, Lady Liberty's promise actually matters to immigration law
America’s economy is solid, but there’s no ‘Trump bump'
Trump still has the bully pulpit, but is facing more challenges to his authority
Obamacare was thriving in California. Then Trump happened.
Congress is slowly tying Trump’s hands when it comes to Russia
What Do You Have to Lose?: The Coming Assault on Race-Conscious Admissions Programs
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
Trump triggers debate on impact of immigrants
Hunt for Trump dossier author inflames Russia probe
Meet The White House’s Newest Star: A Whiteboard
Cities baffled as Jeff Sessions targets them on immigration
Trump Claims He Won New Hampshire (Which He Lost To Hillary Clinton) Because It’s A ‘drug-infested Den’
Jeff Sessions just escalated Trump's war with the media
GOP donor sues over failed ACA repeal
Vice President Mike Pence to Headline Koch Summit
WTF Happened at the White House This Week?
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
We just got another look at Steve Bannon's infamous whiteboard, thanks to a controversial White House visitor
Secret Service quits Trump Tower in dispute over lease
Trump's trip to Bedminster prompts protesters to get creative
After years of slow recovery, U.S. economy boasts solid gains
Trump slammed this GOP senator in a tweet—now she's making him pay for it
Kamala Harris is one of the most progressive (and attacked) leaders in America
Trump Rejects the Huddled Masses Yearning to Breathe Free
Manchin dodges party-switch fallout
Flynn files amended disclosure report showing additional payments
FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
Huff, puff, pass? AG’s pot fury not echoed by task force
This GOP Candidate Wants To Gut Virginia's Planned Parenthood From The Governor's Mansion
Donald Trump's new immigration rule would have kept his German grandfather out
No One Turns Out to Vote in Iowa Town’s Special Election
While Trump's away, 'much-needed' White House renovations begin
We now know how the Trump presidency will end. Let's hope we survive: Burman
Bernie Sanders and DNC chair Tom Perez attack Nissan for anti-union campaign in Mississippi
Trump, America's Boy King: Golf And Television Won't Make America Great Agian
Flynn details tie to data firm, transition pay
Federal control board overseeing Puerto Rico's finances to impose furloughs for 1st time in US territory's history.
Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns
Florida Dems hosting fundraiser for GOP lawmaker
Why arguments against WaPo’s Oval Office leaks are wrong
What’s Wrong With Airport Face Recognition?
Donald Trump’s White House, Republican allies don’t want him to fire Robert Mueller
What the Trump-Russia Grand Jury Means
Fmr CIA officer: More shoes to drop in Don Jr mtg
Tillis says bill to protect Mueller is response to Trump, about Justice Dept.
GOP lawmaker: Trump has not been civil
Congressional Republicans are beginning to assert themselves against Trump
Trump administration 'could sue over discrimination against whites by universities', civil rights activists fear
'I'm the world's greatest person', US President Donald Trump tells Australia's PM Malcolm Turnbull in leaked phone call transcript
The Gulf of Mexico dead zone is larger than ever. Here’s what to do about it.
His Grace, Donald Trump
Secret Service quits Trump Tower in dispute over lease
Maxine Waters Isn't Running For 'Anything Except The Impeachment of Trump'
U.S. Army halts use of Chinese-made drones over cyber concerns
Trump's attack on Chinese trade gets sidelined over North Korea
Stephen Miller’s strange insult of a reporter is very familiar to white supremacists
Trump and the Paris Agreement: What Just Happened?
The knives are coming out for H.R. McMaster
Michael Flynn details previously undisclosed paid speaking engagements, business positions, and income
New Devotional Highlights Hillary Clinton’s Spiritual Side
FBI and DOJ communicating with the dead grandmother of Attorney General Loretta Lynch...
Susan Collins: 'Trump can't set Red Lines for Bob Mueller'
Colbert takes on Trump over grand jury, conversations with world leaders
Conway downplays Russia probe after grand jury reports
New GOP ad attacks Manchin after West Virginia governor switches parties
Poll: Three-quarters of Utah voters want Hatch to retire
Trump says he’s been ‘working hard.’ Here’s the current status on things
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Not even Americans for Prosperity likes Wisconsin’s terrible Foxconn deal
As Jeff Sessions announces leak crackdown, here are 12 major leaks of the Trump era
Puerto Rico governor defies oversight board on worker furloughs
Gingrich says Mueller represents ‘deep state’ at worst
The Insider’s Guide To Anthony Weiner’s Wiener
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Campaign Legal Center requests investigation of Steve Bannon
Readout of President Donald J. Trump’s Call with President Emmanuel Macron of France
U.S. Officially Tells U.N. It Wants out of Paris Climate Deal
A ‘Caddyshack’ controversy at a Trump golf course in L.A.
Donald Trump Is Rapidly Reshaping the Nation’s Courts
Mattis had to wade into feud between furious White House rivals McMaster and Bannon
Ken Starr killed irony today
Chillaxed Vladimir Putin cultivates strongman persona with holiday adventures
Groups File Federal Lawsuit Over Diversity Visa Denials
Washington Post Gives Friendly Platform To Imam Who Called For Annihilation Of Jews
Trump’s spectacle is outrageous, but not entirely new: He’s the ultimate fulfillment of consumer capitalism
Green Party's Jill Stein concerned about 'demonization' of North Korea
Retired Virginia Beach attorney sues GOP, accusing the Republican Party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Hundreds protest outside President Trump's rally
As a grand jury begins work, defiant Trump calls Russia investigation a ‘fabrication’
Majorities in every state oppose Trump’s transgender ban
The Senate Seems More Willing To Push Back Against Trump Than The House - Why?
Communication Regarding Intent To Withdraw From Paris Agreement
The “this is fine” bias in cable news - Vox
Ryan warns GOP inaction will 'depress turnout' in 2018
New Docs Reveal Trump Admin Ordered Airport Staff to Snub Congressmen, Lawyers During Travel Ban
25 Million Clinton Votes Weren’t Fake
Russian Information Warfare: A Reality That Needs a Response
Jill Stein Criticizes 'Demonization of North Korea,' Says No Proof Russia Hacked Emails
By end of August, Trump will have spent three times as many days at leisure as Obama
How Sessions can make Trump happy by making reporters’ lives miserable. There aren't many real limits preventing DOJ from harassing reporters.
New poll says Trump removing Mueller would be bad news for the GOP in 2018
Priebus ally Katie Walsh takes key role in shaking up GOP data staff
Judges Threw Out The Conviction Of A Blackwater Guard Charged In A Massacre In Iraq
Poll: Americans in battleground districts would strongly oppose Trump firing special counsel Robert Mueller
Congress passes bill to give veterans exposed to mustard gas another shot at benefits
Secret Service moves to NYC trailer after dispute at Trump Tower
EU to impose more Russia sanctions over Siemens case on Friday: diplomats
California Bans ICE Agents from State Labor Offices to Protect illegal Workers
Yemenis, Iranians sue U.S. State Dept, ask for visas to be processed
McMaster: Susan Rice Did Nothing Wrong
More Leftist Hysteria: Mag Says Gorka, Bannon Worse for Jews Than Anti-Israel Radical Sarsour
Reporter: 8 or 9 people heard Trump call the WH a "real dump"
The Justice Department Is Reviewing Obama-Era Journalist Protections
Trump leaves on 17-day break at golf course as Russia investigation intensifies
Poll: 80 percent of voters disapprove of GOP handling of health care
The White House has thrown its credibility away
Sessions threatens to subpoena press over leaks to make Trump happy
Ex-intel chief warns Trump: Firing Mueller 'would be Watergate in slow motion'
Trump Heads To His New Jersey Golf Club For 17-Day 'Working Vacation'
US officially pulls out of UN’s Paris climate deal
Trump is trying to politicize intelligence to support his Iran policy. That's dangerous.
Trump slammed this GOP senator in a tweet—now she's making him pay for it
Kamala Harris is one of the most progressive (and attacked) leaders in America
Trump Rejects the Huddled Masses Yearning to Breathe Free
Manchin dodges party-switch fallout
Flynn files amended disclosure report showing additional payments
FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
Huff, puff, pass? AG’s pot fury not echoed by task force
This GOP Candidate Wants To Gut Virginia's Planned Parenthood From The Governor's Mansion
Donald Trump's new immigration rule would have kept his German grandfather out
No One Turns Out to Vote in Iowa Town’s Special Election
While Trump's away, 'much-needed' White House renovations begin
We now know how the Trump presidency will end. Let's hope we survive: Burman
Bernie Sanders and DNC chair Tom Perez attack Nissan for anti-union campaign in Mississippi
Trump, America's Boy King: Golf And Television Won't Make America Great Agian
Flynn details tie to data firm, transition pay
Federal control board overseeing Puerto Rico's finances to impose furloughs for 1st time in US territory's history.
Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns
Florida Dems hosting fundraiser for GOP lawmaker
Why arguments against WaPo’s Oval Office leaks are wrong
What’s Wrong With Airport Face Recognition?
Donald Trump’s White House, Republican allies don’t want him to fire Robert Mueller
What the Trump-Russia Grand Jury Means
Fmr CIA officer: More shoes to drop in Don Jr mtg
Tillis says bill to protect Mueller is response to Trump, about Justice Dept.
GOP lawmaker: Trump has not been civil
Congressional Republicans are beginning to assert themselves against Trump
Trump administration 'could sue over discrimination against whites by universities', civil rights activists fear
'I'm the world's greatest person', US President Donald Trump tells Australia's PM Malcolm Turnbull in leaked phone call transcript
The Gulf of Mexico dead zone is larger than ever. Here’s what to do about it.
His Grace, Donald Trump
Secret Service quits Trump Tower in dispute over lease
Maxine Waters Isn't Running For 'Anything Except The Impeachment of Trump'
U.S. Army halts use of Chinese-made drones over cyber concerns
Trump's attack on Chinese trade gets sidelined over North Korea
Stephen Miller’s strange insult of a reporter is very familiar to white supremacists
Trump and the Paris Agreement: What Just Happened?
The knives are coming out for H.R. McMaster
Michael Flynn details previously undisclosed paid speaking engagements, business positions, and income
New Devotional Highlights Hillary Clinton’s Spiritual Side
FBI and DOJ communicating with the dead grandmother of Attorney General Loretta Lynch...
Susan Collins: 'Trump can't set Red Lines for Bob Mueller'
Colbert takes on Trump over grand jury, conversations with world leaders
Conway downplays Russia probe after grand jury reports
New GOP ad attacks Manchin after West Virginia governor switches parties
Poll: Three-quarters of Utah voters want Hatch to retire
Trump says he’s been ‘working hard.’ Here’s the current status on things
Mr. President, here’s a more accurate map for you to tweet
Not even Americans for Prosperity likes Wisconsin’s terrible Foxconn deal
As Jeff Sessions announces leak crackdown, here are 12 major leaks of the Trump era
Puerto Rico governor defies oversight board on worker furloughs
Gingrich says Mueller represents ‘deep state’ at worst
The Insider’s Guide To Anthony Weiner’s Wiener
H.R. McMaster faces attacks from conservatives
Campaign Legal Center requests investigation of Steve Bannon
Readout of President Donald J. Trump’s Call with President Emmanuel Macron of France
U.S. Officially Tells U.N. It Wants out of Paris Climate Deal
A ‘Caddyshack’ controversy at a Trump golf course in L.A.
Donald Trump Is Rapidly Reshaping the Nation’s Courts
Mattis had to wade into feud between furious White House rivals McMaster and Bannon
Ken Starr killed irony today
Chillaxed Vladimir Putin cultivates strongman persona with holiday adventures
Groups File Federal Lawsuit Over Diversity Visa Denials
Washington Post Gives Friendly Platform To Imam Who Called For Annihilation Of Jews
Trump’s spectacle is outrageous, but not entirely new: He’s the ultimate fulfillment of consumer capitalism
Green Party's Jill Stein concerned about 'demonization' of North Korea
Retired Virginia Beach attorney sues GOP, accusing the Republican Party of fraud over failed Obamacare repeal
Hundreds protest outside President Trump's rally
As a grand jury begins work, defiant Trump calls Russia investigation a ‘fabrication’
Majorities in every state oppose Trump’s transgender ban
The Senate Seems More Willing To Push Back Against Trump Than The House - Why?
Communication Regarding Intent To Withdraw From Paris Agreement
The “this is fine” bias in cable news - Vox
Ryan warns GOP inaction will 'depress turnout' in 2018
New Docs Reveal Trump Admin Ordered Airport Staff to Snub Congressmen, Lawyers During Travel Ban
25 Million Clinton Votes Weren’t Fake
Russian Information Warfare: A Reality That Needs a Response
Jill Stein Criticizes 'Demonization of North Korea,' Says No Proof Russia Hacked Emails
By end of August, Trump will have spent three times as many days at leisure as Obama
How Sessions can make Trump happy by making reporters’ lives miserable. There aren't many real limits preventing DOJ from harassing reporters.
New poll says Trump removing Mueller would be bad news for the GOP in 2018
Priebus ally Katie Walsh takes key role in shaking up GOP data staff
Judges Threw Out The Conviction Of A Blackwater Guard Charged In A Massacre In Iraq
Poll: Americans in battleground districts would strongly oppose Trump firing special counsel Robert Mueller
Congress passes bill to give veterans exposed to mustard gas another shot at benefits
Secret Service moves to NYC trailer after dispute at Trump Tower
EU to impose more Russia sanctions over Siemens case on Friday: diplomats
California Bans ICE Agents from State Labor Offices to Protect illegal Workers
Yemenis, Iranians sue U.S. State Dept, ask for visas to be processed
McMaster: Susan Rice Did Nothing Wrong
More Leftist Hysteria: Mag Says Gorka, Bannon Worse for Jews Than Anti-Israel Radical Sarsour
Reporter: 8 or 9 people heard Trump call the WH a "real dump"
The Justice Department Is Reviewing Obama-Era Journalist Protections
Trump leaves on 17-day break at golf course as Russia investigation intensifies
Poll: 80 percent of voters disapprove of GOP handling of health care
The White House has thrown its credibility away
Sessions threatens to subpoena press over leaks to make Trump happy
Ex-intel chief warns Trump: Firing Mueller 'would be Watergate in slow motion'
Trump Heads To His New Jersey Golf Club For 17-Day 'Working Vacation'
US officially pulls out of UN’s Paris climate deal
Trump is trying to politicize intelligence to support his Iran policy. That's dangerous.
US says it will join UN climate talks despite exit from Paris Accord
Democratic Socialists Are Hosting Their Largest Convention Ever This Weekend, At UIC
Jeff Sessions' Tough Talk On Leaks Heightens Fears Of Jailing Journalists
Vox Sentences: Leaks, and the leaking leakers who leak them
Dems to Mattis: Don't comply with Trump's 'unconstitutional' transgender ban
Trump admits he punked his supporters on Mexico paying for the wall
6-in-10 say mainstream media creates 'fake news,' MSNBC least trusted
Jared Kushner’s Family Business Has Been Subpoenaed
Collins, Murkowski take CNN behind the scenes of the health care battle
Sessions: Trump admin reviewing policy on media subpoenas
Trump's approval at 33%, 'Sharknado 3' at 29%
McCain: 'You can thank Putin' for low relations with Russia
Pence turned over all state-related emails from personal accounts: report
Marijuana company buys entire US town to create 'cannabis-friendly municipality'
Donald 'I don't take vacations' Trump takes vacation
Trump delays announcement of trade action against China
Some Of The Worst DC Swamp Monsters Are Republicans
‘This deal will make me look terrible’: Full transcripts of Trump’s calls with Mexico and Australia
If Trump were an immigrant, he'd probably be deported
In every state, majorities oppose Trump’s proposed ban on transgender military service
Maxine Waters next House speaker: Dem activist
Jeff Sessions bows to Trump pressure and launches crackdown on leakers
Trump administration weighs slashing mortgage deduction
Yemenis, Iranians suing the State Department over Trump's travel ban
Opinion | Based on the immigration system he endorsed, Trump would not get a green card
The myth that all black students get a free ride is just that — a myth
Robert Reich: Are Republicans plotting to oust Trump? He thinks so
Shields and Brooks on Trump’s GOP pushback, Russia probe grand jury
Conservative author D'Souza says he briefed Bannon, Gorka on new book
What Jeff Sessions Will Never Understand About Affirmative Action
Trump jumps the gun on jobs report tweet -- again
Why Trump's White House fears April Ryan, one of America's most successful black journalists
Australia’s Prime Minister Slowly Realizes Trump Is a Complete Idiot
New Yorker releases audio of Scaramucci interview
Sessions: Trump admin reviewing policy on media subpoenas
Senate passes bill to give terminally ill patients access to experimental drugs
The real fascists are the friends we made along the way
New York state has became the latest locality to push back against federal immigration agents’ presence in courthouses.
Parsing the Statement of Manafort’s Lawyer
The real reasons behind the Toyota and Mazda announcement of a new U.S. factory
Four charged with leaks from Trump administration as attorney general vows crackdown
Norman Lear to boycott Kennedy Center Honors reception over Trump
White House unaware of grand jury in Russia probe
Republicans in Congress should be braver
Note to Trump: Non-English speaking immigrants turned West Virginia into a coal powerhouse
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
NU Professor, Oxford Employee Wanted in Slaying Arrested
Chris Cuomo Gets Into Heated Debate With Kellyanne Conway On Live TV
National security adviser attempts to reconcile Trump’s competing impulses on Afghanistan
Bari Weiss and the neoconservative hold on the Democratic Party establishment
Sebastian Gorka thinks “the president’s Twitter feed” will solve the North Korean crisis
Hillary Wants to Preach: Religion is playing a big role in Clinton’s post-election tour. What does she have to gain from sharing her faith now?
Kushner subpoenaed for issuing green cards while the administration takes them away
Trump’s reverse Midas touch
Soldiers Promised Fast-track Naturalization Sue Pentagon
College Campus Rape Survivor: Pepper Spray Won’t Cut It, Women Need Guns
Communication Regarding Intent To Withdraw From Paris Agreement
North Korean ICBM Appears Able to Reach Major US Cities
Report: ‘Sex and the City’ Star Cynthia Nixon May Run Against Cuomo for New York Governor
Court Rejects a Murder Conviction and Sentences in Blackwater Case
“The DOJ is open for business” - Sessions looking into when he can force journalists to reveal sources
The More You KN-0w About North Korean Missiles
Today’s Impeach-O-Meter: Golf Party!
Carter Page has been under an intelligence surveillance warrant since 2014
The House recently sided with big banks over consumers
Video: Ed Gillespie Says He Would Defund Planned Parenthood in Virginia
Jeff Sessions May Force Reporters To Reveal Sources Of Leaks
Trump to go on 17-day getaway to private golf club in N.J.
Why the leaked presidential transcripts are so frightening
New bare-chested Putin photos released — 2017 edition, aquatic theme
A letter from H.R. McMaster said Susan Rice will keep her top-secret security clearance
Trump is delusional about his popularity
Meet the Reporter Driving Fox News’s Biggest, Craziest Stories
Health care repeal may be dead, but U.S. Rep. Justin Amash gets an earful at town hall
Senators move to protect Mueller from Trump with new legislation
Military scrambles for transgender policy after Trump tweets
‘This is going to kill me’: Trump begged Mexico president to stay quiet about wall
Donald Trump Jr.'s Russia probe: Grand jury issues subpoenas in connection with Trump aides meeting Russian lawyer
Trump Immigration Crackdown Leads to Higher Construction Wages
U.S. to Join Climate Talks Despite Planned Withdrawal From Paris Accord
Seek climate advice through established routes: If the Trump administration has questions on global warming, it should direct them to the national academy rather than setting up a spurious ‘red team–blue team’ debate.
The pitfalls of using Liu Xiaobo’s name in a silly American political game
In Major Win for Trump, U.N. Security Council Votes to Slap Sanctions on North Korea
Can This National Security Council Handle a Real Crisis?
Trump: Praise for Justice and coal
Two Words That Should Scare the Trump Administration: Grand Jury
The Trump Administration Pledges to Crack Down on Leaks
Why Aren't More Native Americans Members of the US Congress?
6 immigrants talk about the anxiety of living in Trump’s America
The barrier to single payer isn’t cost, it’s politics. Under SB 562, a Medicare-for-all bill, not only would every Californian be guaranteed health coverage, but all premiums, as well as deductibles and copays, would be eliminated.
Top FBI officials could testify against Trump
Jim Acosta Yells at Helicopter
Washington Post’s Leaked Transcripts Hurt National Security and Democracy
Trump: 'There were no Russians in our campaign'
How Obamacare fails my family
The Rise of the Violent Left
Hispanic Republicans see political peril in Trump immigration plan
US says it will join UN climate talks despite exit from Paris Accord
Democratic Socialists Are Hosting Their Largest Convention Ever This Weekend, At UIC
Jeff Sessions' Tough Talk On Leaks Heightens Fears Of Jailing Journalists
Vox Sentences: Leaks, and the leaking leakers who leak them
Dems to Mattis: Don't comply with Trump's 'unconstitutional' transgender ban
Trump admits he punked his supporters on Mexico paying for the wall
6-in-10 say mainstream media creates 'fake news,' MSNBC least trusted
Jared Kushner’s Family Business Has Been Subpoenaed
Collins, Murkowski take CNN behind the scenes of the health care battle
Sessions: Trump admin reviewing policy on media subpoenas
Trump's approval at 33%, 'Sharknado 3' at 29%
McCain: 'You can thank Putin' for low relations with Russia
Pence turned over all state-related emails from personal accounts: report
Marijuana company buys entire US town to create 'cannabis-friendly municipality'
Donald 'I don't take vacations' Trump takes vacation
Trump delays announcement of trade action against China
Some Of The Worst DC Swamp Monsters Are Republicans
‘This deal will make me look terrible’: Full transcripts of Trump’s calls with Mexico and Australia
If Trump were an immigrant, he'd probably be deported
In every state, majorities oppose Trump’s proposed ban on transgender military service
Maxine Waters next House speaker: Dem activist
Jeff Sessions bows to Trump pressure and launches crackdown on leakers
Trump administration weighs slashing mortgage deduction
Yemenis, Iranians suing the State Department over Trump's travel ban
Opinion | Based on the immigration system he endorsed, Trump would not get a green card
The myth that all black students get a free ride is just that — a myth
Robert Reich: Are Republicans plotting to oust Trump? He thinks so
Shields and Brooks on Trump’s GOP pushback, Russia probe grand jury
Conservative author D'Souza says he briefed Bannon, Gorka on new book
What Jeff Sessions Will Never Understand About Affirmative Action
Trump jumps the gun on jobs report tweet -- again
Why Trump's White House fears April Ryan, one of America's most successful black journalists
Australia’s Prime Minister Slowly Realizes Trump Is a Complete Idiot
New Yorker releases audio of Scaramucci interview
Sessions: Trump admin reviewing policy on media subpoenas
Senate passes bill to give terminally ill patients access to experimental drugs
The real fascists are the friends we made along the way
New York state has became the latest locality to push back against federal immigration agents’ presence in courthouses.
Parsing the Statement of Manafort’s Lawyer
The real reasons behind the Toyota and Mazda announcement of a new U.S. factory
Four charged with leaks from Trump administration as attorney general vows crackdown
Norman Lear to boycott Kennedy Center Honors reception over Trump
White House unaware of grand jury in Russia probe
Republicans in Congress should be braver
Note to Trump: Non-English speaking immigrants turned West Virginia into a coal powerhouse
Complaint: Trump strategist may have improper PR arrangement
NU Professor, Oxford Employee Wanted in Slaying Arrested
Chris Cuomo Gets Into Heated Debate With Kellyanne Conway On Live TV
National security adviser attempts to reconcile Trump’s competing impulses on Afghanistan
Bari Weiss and the neoconservative hold on the Democratic Party establishment
Sebastian Gorka thinks “the president’s Twitter feed” will solve the North Korean crisis
Hillary Wants to Preach: Religion is playing a big role in Clinton’s post-election tour. What does she have to gain from sharing her faith now?
Kushner subpoenaed for issuing green cards while the administration takes them away
Trump’s reverse Midas touch
Soldiers Promised Fast-track Naturalization Sue Pentagon
College Campus Rape Survivor: Pepper Spray Won’t Cut It, Women Need Guns
Communication Regarding Intent To Withdraw From Paris Agreement
North Korean ICBM Appears Able to Reach Major US Cities
Report: ‘Sex and the City’ Star Cynthia Nixon May Run Against Cuomo for New York Governor
Court Rejects a Murder Conviction and Sentences in Blackwater Case
“The DOJ is open for business” - Sessions looking into when he can force journalists to reveal sources
The More You KN-0w About North Korean Missiles
Today’s Impeach-O-Meter: Golf Party!
Carter Page has been under an intelligence surveillance warrant since 2014
The House recently sided with big banks over consumers
Video: Ed Gillespie Says He Would Defund Planned Parenthood in Virginia
Jeff Sessions May Force Reporters To Reveal Sources Of Leaks
Trump to go on 17-day getaway to private golf club in N.J.
Why the leaked presidential transcripts are so frightening
New bare-chested Putin photos released — 2017 edition, aquatic theme
A letter from H.R. McMaster said Susan Rice will keep her top-secret security clearance
Trump is delusional about his popularity
Meet the Reporter Driving Fox News’s Biggest, Craziest Stories
Health care repeal may be dead, but U.S. Rep. Justin Amash gets an earful at town hall
Senators move to protect Mueller from Trump with new legislation
Military scrambles for transgender policy after Trump tweets
‘This is going to kill me’: Trump begged Mexico president to stay quiet about wall
Donald Trump Jr.'s Russia probe: Grand jury issues subpoenas in connection with Trump aides meeting Russian lawyer
Trump Immigration Crackdown Leads to Higher Construction Wages
U.S. to Join Climate Talks Despite Planned Withdrawal From Paris Accord
Seek climate advice through established routes: If the Trump administration has questions on global warming, it should direct them to the national academy rather than setting up a spurious ‘red team–blue team’ debate.
The pitfalls of using Liu Xiaobo’s name in a silly American political game
In Major Win for Trump, U.N. Security Council Votes to Slap Sanctions on North Korea
Can This National Security Council Handle a Real Crisis?
Trump: Praise for Justice and coal
Two Words That Should Scare the Trump Administration: Grand Jury
The Trump Administration Pledges to Crack Down on Leaks
Why Aren't More Native Americans Members of the US Congress?
6 immigrants talk about the anxiety of living in Trump’s America
The barrier to single payer isn’t cost, it’s politics. Under SB 562, a Medicare-for-all bill, not only would every Californian be guaranteed health coverage, but all premiums, as well as deductibles and copays, would be eliminated.
Top FBI officials could testify against Trump
Jim Acosta Yells at Helicopter
Washington Post’s Leaked Transcripts Hurt National Security and Democracy
Trump: 'There were no Russians in our campaign'
How Obamacare fails my family
The Rise of the Violent Left
Hispanic Republicans see political peril in Trump immigration plan
Nitish kumar quits as chief minister of bihar
China is our enemy, not Pakistan: Mulayam Singh Yadav in Parliament
finally a plane landed after 37 years
Demonetisation
School Teachers Can’t Wear T-Shirts, Chew Pan Or Use Phone Unnecessarily, Orders UP CM Yogi ~ NonStop Masala
After Result Reaction /Sarcastic/
PM Modi says a donkey is inspirational
BJP Goa announces 21 shortlisted candidates
Kill them all: The Art of Genocide
dirty politics!!
TIME Person of the Year Poll Results: Narendra Modi Wins
Black money
Can Pakistan or anyone not print the fake currency notes of new ₹2000 and ₹500....????
Dirty Politics
Indian citizen arrested for controversial FB posts on PM Modi, RSS leaders
Twitteratis hail Indian Army, Modi for surgical strikes
What gave rise to the Kaveri River Dispute
15 August 2016 Independence Day in India, Share and Celebrate...
List of Chief Ministers in India
Srinagar school in trouble for ‘banning’ Islamic dress
Does Bangladeshi People hate Indians?
Are you with Modi's - 'congress mukt bharat'
JNU Student logic
(NEW!) Big Fat White Whore Fucks And Sucks Big Black Dick In Hotel IzHfQf0r
स्मृति इरानी ने संसद में हेट स्पीच दिया है : जेएऩयू मामले का आरोपी
Modi's joke on Manmohan - Killer
Nitish kumar quits as chief minister of bihar
China is our enemy, not Pakistan: Mulayam Singh Yadav in Parliament
finally a plane landed after 37 years
Demonetisation
School Teachers Can’t Wear T-Shirts, Chew Pan Or Use Phone Unnecessarily, Orders UP CM Yogi ~ NonStop Masala
After Result Reaction /Sarcastic/
PM Modi says a donkey is inspirational
BJP Goa announces 21 shortlisted candidates
Kill them all: The Art of Genocide
dirty politics!!
TIME Person of the Year Poll Results: Narendra Modi Wins
Black money
Can Pakistan or anyone not print the fake currency notes of new ₹2000 and ₹500....????
Dirty Politics
Indian citizen arrested for controversial FB posts on PM Modi, RSS leaders
Twitteratis hail Indian Army, Modi for surgical strikes
What gave rise to the Kaveri River Dispute
15 August 2016 Independence Day in India, Share and Celebrate...
List of Chief Ministers in India
Srinagar school in trouble for ‘banning’ Islamic dress
Does Bangladeshi People hate Indians?
Are you with Modi's - 'congress mukt bharat'
JNU Student logic
(NEW!) Big Fat White Whore Fucks And Sucks Big Black Dick In Hotel IzHfQf0r
स्मृति इरानी ने संसद में हेट स्पीच दिया है : जेएऩयू मामले का आरोपी
Modi's joke on Manmohan - Killer
Reddit sucks cock
Reddit stopped me for football
Why is trump good?
Shameful deb fischer! Gag
McConnell gang
PoliSpectrum - A website to give readers a holistic review of critical issues in politics
Three stooges
Military Chief Goes Against Trump on U.S. Transgender Policy
Fruit not far...
Reddit not current?
Hi I'm twelve.
CNN v Reddit
Correct Politics is an Orwellian Concept
Boston Tuft's Nurses Strike - Picket Lines Mean Do Not Cross! 12 July 2017
A House Democrat has filed the first articles of impeachment against President Trump
Why the religious right worship Trump
We've done nothing and we're running out of ideas.
Government Spyware Targets Mexican Journalists and Their Families
Reality Winner has been arrested for whistleblowing and I was wondering what your opinion on that is! [1 min survey]
The Insane Travel and Leisure Costs of the Trump Presidency
Property Rights or Democracy: Cajamarca votes against AngloGold Ashanti
The Vitriol That Is American Politics
Developers now have an API to check Trump's prison status
(Video) The Real Reason Why Snoop Dogg Hate’s President Trump? #LavenderVideo
Miami Ad School Students Highlight Products Made by Refugees in a Clever Sticker Campaign
Don’t Let Them Eat Cake: Maduro’s War Against Bakeries
Does the Muslim ban make us safer? An exploration of terrorism data
Dutch Election (with a Dutch Donald Trump leading in the polls) coming up. Here's all you need to know.
Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be VettedC. Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be Vetted
Is Ecuador in the door of a political crisis?
Venezuela latest delay in delivering oil to Russia and China, will make Maduro lost their support?
New Political Party to Take on Trump
SHOCKING NEWS: Vladimir Putin caught doing COCAINE
Puppet Prime Minister - Canadian Politics 101
Monday Night Talk 10-31-2016 featuring Massachusetts 9th Congressional District Forum
Veritas video subersive that says “Yeah, and nobody is really supposed to know about me.” has been doing dirty work for a long time.
Unconditional Free Income due to #AI eliminating jobs... spot.com
Trump or Hillary? Who to Vote for this Election
Did Clinton propose drone strike against Julian Assange??
Hear Otzi The Iceman Speak Again After 5,000 Years Of Silence
Slimepot Hillary Clinton
DNC Leak Reveals System for Automated Voter Fraud
Hillary: 'RAISE TAXES ON THE MIDDLE CLASS!' - How to Waste Your Life RANT
The Media Forgets
Jill Stein will put Snowden in her cabinet if elected
Reddit sucks cock
Reddit stopped me for football
Why is trump good?
Shameful deb fischer! Gag
McConnell gang
PoliSpectrum - A website to give readers a holistic review of critical issues in politics
Three stooges
Military Chief Goes Against Trump on U.S. Transgender Policy
Fruit not far...
Reddit not current?
Hi I'm twelve.
CNN v Reddit
Correct Politics is an Orwellian Concept
Boston Tuft's Nurses Strike - Picket Lines Mean Do Not Cross! 12 July 2017
A House Democrat has filed the first articles of impeachment against President Trump
Why the religious right worship Trump
We've done nothing and we're running out of ideas.
Government Spyware Targets Mexican Journalists and Their Families
Reality Winner has been arrested for whistleblowing and I was wondering what your opinion on that is! [1 min survey]
The Insane Travel and Leisure Costs of the Trump Presidency
Property Rights or Democracy: Cajamarca votes against AngloGold Ashanti
The Vitriol That Is American Politics
Developers now have an API to check Trump's prison status
(Video) The Real Reason Why Snoop Dogg Hate’s President Trump? #LavenderVideo
Miami Ad School Students Highlight Products Made by Refugees in a Clever Sticker Campaign
Don’t Let Them Eat Cake: Maduro’s War Against Bakeries
Does the Muslim ban make us safer? An exploration of terrorism data
Dutch Election (with a Dutch Donald Trump leading in the polls) coming up. Here's all you need to know.
Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be VettedC. Charles Benninghoff: Stop Funding Refugees Until They Can Be Vetted
Is Ecuador in the door of a political crisis?
Venezuela latest delay in delivering oil to Russia and China, will make Maduro lost their support?
New Political Party to Take on Trump
SHOCKING NEWS: Vladimir Putin caught doing COCAINE
Puppet Prime Minister - Canadian Politics 101
Monday Night Talk 10-31-2016 featuring Massachusetts 9th Congressional District Forum
Veritas video subersive that says “Yeah, and nobody is really supposed to know about me.” has been doing dirty work for a long time.
Unconditional Free Income due to #AI eliminating jobs... spot.com
Trump or Hillary? Who to Vote for this Election
Did Clinton propose drone strike against Julian Assange??
Hear Otzi The Iceman Speak Again After 5,000 Years Of Silence
Slimepot Hillary Clinton
DNC Leak Reveals System for Automated Voter Fraud
Hillary: 'RAISE TAXES ON THE MIDDLE CLASS!' - How to Waste Your Life RANT
The Media Forgets
Jill Stein will put Snowden in her cabinet if elected
Upcoming Political Events
What if anything can/should be done to limit the advantage of incumbency?
How could productive discussion between opposing political sides be encouraged?
The UN Security Council has unanimously sanctioned North Korea. How will this comprehensive international response affect NK's missile program advancement?
What makes a good campaign manager?
36 states have gubernatorial elections in 2018. Which states represent the best pick-up opportunities for either party?
Who is likely to win the Washington State 45th district Senate election? And what impact will it have on the state legislature?
Just as the Democrats' "blue firewall" of the Midwest collapsed in 2016, do Republicans have any firewall regions that Democrats could try to weaken by 2020?
With New Hampshire and Vermont being so close together, why are their voting patterns so extremely different?
With West Virginia Governor Jim Justice switching from Democrat to Republican, how will this affect Senator Joe Manchin's reelection bid?
What is the Republican vision for America?
Congressman Chris Collins (NY-27) has introduced the Second Amendment Guarantee Act (SAGA), which would nullify state-level Assault Weapons Bans and magazine restrictions and transfer the power to do so to Congress. What is the likelihood of it passing, and what would the political impact be?
Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in his investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election. What are the consequences of this for both the investigation and the White House?
Does the Politics of "bringing jobs to America" work when the unemployment rate is extremely low?
Democrat's campaign chief vowed to make room for people with different opinions on abortion. What effect will this have on their party platform going into 2018?
Should the Republican Party run any candidates other than Donald Trump in the 2020 Presidential Election? If so, who?
West Virginia Democratic governor is switching to GOP, how does this change things?
Is the US justice system too far out of reach for the average person?
Why don't Republicans propose a tax reform like the 1986 bill?
The DOJ is preparing to reform Affirmative Action in American Universities. What will be the political consequences?
A Senate bill would cut legal immigration in half, and focus on skills instead of family. Will it pass and is it a good idea?
How sincere was Democrats' letter to GOP leaders? What would a GOP tax reform bill look like? What would bipartisan tax reform bill look like?
Should the tipped minimum wage be abolished and should tipped workers be paid minimum wage plus tips? And would this ever happen?
Should there be a litmus test on abortions for candidates within the Democratic party?
Why have very rural states such as Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont bucked the trend of turning redder over time?
Will we see a major piece of legislation pass before the 2018 mid-terms?
Democrat campaign chief Ben Ray Luján says no GOP incumbent should run unopposed in 2018 midterms. Who are some probable or dark horse candidates?
Saudi Arabia is spending a lot of money to promote anti-Qatar info online, especially to US internet users. What reasons could their government have for trying to sway the opinions of US internet users?
In a Republican utopia, what would be the ideal Republican plan for healthcare?
What should the Democratic message be for 2018?
According to The Washington Post, Anthony Scaramucci is out as White House communications director, just 10 days after his arrival, as John Kelly's first move as Trump's Chief of Staff. What does this mean for Trump's administration?
Jeff Flake wrote a boldly-worded Op-ed criticizing Trump and the Republican party's reaction to him. Will this signal a larger breaking of congressional Republicans with Trump?
With Kelly in and Scaramucci, Priebus and Spicer out, will we see a stabilization of white house staffing?
Can Democrats in Congress make a health bill of their own, and get a handful of Republicans to join them?
Who would you say is the best example of a successful politician from your state in the past, who embodied an ideology so far out of bounds with that states modern political leanings that they could never be elected there nowadays(i.e. Birch Bayh in Indiana, Spiro Agnew in Maryland, etc.)?
Was the recent vote for a constituent assembly in Venezuela legitimate and consistent with Venezuelan law and political norms, or somehow a power-grab by the Maduro government?
What can Japan do about their potential population decline and how it might impact their economy in the future?
Grover Cleveland is the only US president to serve two non-consecutive terms. Do you think this will ever happen again? Why or why not?
The Utah 3rd District is in the middle of a special election primary to replace Jason Chaffetz. Who of the Republican candidates is most qualified to replace him? Who will win?
Are US politicians too focused on the short-term? What could be done to increase the amount of long-term policy and decision making?
Why don't Democratic voters knock Ted Cruz out at the primary with a moderate challenger?
With an opposing party in the White House, and considering how much Democrats loathe Trump, will they announce their 2020 bids for the Presidency extra early like they did for the 2008 election when Bush was President?
What will be the result of a growing illiberalism in the United States?
Conrad Black recently claimed that the US is experiencing a second, non-violent Civil War. Other commentators have made similar statements. How accurate is this? If true, what is the end game? Is there any realistic way to dial back the rhetoric and return to a more stable political climate?
Congressional Democrats are reportedly pivoting to offer Obamacare improvements. Is it a smart strategy for the Democratic Party to try and make a deal with the Republicans?
How can we address the vulnerabilities in voting machines?
With unified control of Capitol Hill, why haven't Congressional Republicans returned to "regular order" legislating?
Members of the House Hispanic Caucus have introduced the "American Hope Act". What can we expect?
Donald Trump has named Gen. John F. Kelly as his new Chief of Staff. What effect will this new hire have on the Trump administration? Will Kelly be more or less effective than Reince Priebus?
What would be the ramifications if Trump pursued "an independent White House" untethered from the Republican Party?
The Senate narrowly failed to pass an Obamacare repeal bill this morning. What does this mean for the future of this congress and the Republican Party?
North Korea has fired another missle; the second this month. The Pentagon now estimates NK will have nuclear-capable intercontinental ballistic missile as early as next year. Is military conflict inevitable?
What should America do about prostitution laws in this country? Should they stay the same? Should it be legal to buy sex and sell sex (the Dutch model)? Should it be legal to sell sex, but illegal to buy sex (the Nordic model)?
What might the 2018 Arizona Election look like if there are two senatorial races?
Congressman John Delaney just announced his 2020 bid for the presidency
Trump renewed his plea to the Senate to nuke the filibuster. If it came to pass how would it affect future legislation with this Republican Congress?
Does Rep. Seth Moulton have a serious chance of winning the Democratic nomination in 2020?
Yesterday, Anthony Scaramucci, WH Comms. Director, spoke to a "The New Yorker" reporter. During this, he called Priebus, WH CoS, a "paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac" and made a crude remark about Bannon.
Is it realistic to expect Republicans to bi-partisanly work to improve Obamacare? If so how could obamacare be improved?
Should there be an automatic referendum one year after a new President takes office on whether they should keep their job?
Should the states consider implementing proportional representation? How would it affect state legislatures, and state politics? What benefits and drawbacks would PR have?
Foxconn coming to Wisconsin: How well do these deals usually work out for state and local governments?
The Obamacare "skinny-repeal." What does this latest push from senate Republicans mean for US healthcare and politics surrounding it? Will it pass?
"Campus Carry" laws take effect in multiple states this year. Has there been any research into the effects of campus carry in states where it already exists?
How would Trump and the republicans react to a 2020 democratic presidential candidate being stylistically similar to Trump?
Why is Health Insurance Tied to Employment?
President Trump has announced a ban on transgenders from serving in the military, effective immediately. What should the Democrats' response be? Is this likely to become a prevalent topic in the 2018 midterms?
Newt Gingrich went on NPR this morning to say that the Justice department is "an extraordinary left-wing institution" and Mueller's team was biased due to donations to Hillary Clinton. Is there any truth to this claim?
Should the next Democratic nominee be a straight white man?
Trump's transgender policy and current service members
The Trump Administration is reportedly exploring the replacement of A.G. Jeff Sessions. What effect would the removal of the current Attorney General and the installation of a new one willing to fire Robert Mueller have on the ongoing Russia investigation?
Would Democrats ever consider a shorter workweek as part of their "New New Deal"?
Should senators be permitted to vote remotely?
Has Brexit been good or bad for the European Project?
The Trump Administration's Voter Info Request Just Went Through: What will the consequences be if mid to large scale voter fraud is uncovered? What will the consequences be if no voter fraud is uncovered?
What changes could be made to the ACA that would strengthen it or help improve it?
Pros and cons of an EU army?
What kind of effect did the presidential debates in 2016 have on the election? Did Trump's performance in the debates help him in winning the election?
McCain gave a powerful senate speech on his return, will he sway the heathcare debate?
Can Republicans ever become competitive in Hawaii again?
Nancy Pelosi outlined the Democrats agenda that focuses on job creation, big business, and prescription drugs. What is the likelihood that the democrats would be able accomplish these goals, and what would have to happen for them to succeed?
What was the legislative and political history of Medicare as it relates to universal single-payer healthcare?
With regards to the cost of health care, what legislation could incentivize the CEOs of health care companies to reduce costs?
How would S.702 [Israel Anti-Boycott Act] affect individual liberties, particularly first amendment rights?
Should states and municipalities offer hefty tax breaks to attract business? Are tax incentives an effective means of driving economic growth? How do such incentives play into urban/rural and interstate disparities?
Will the Republican party ever win the popular vote again?
What's the best way to fix the federal deficit?
As Poland takes steps towards an authoritarian, single-party government, is it appropriate for the EU to prescribe internal government structure?
What are the implications of Trump looking into pardoning himself?
If Congress passes this sanctions bill right before the August recess, would that allow Trump to pocket veto it?
If Ted Kennedy had successfully primaried Carter in 1980 and won the general, how would his approach differ from what Reagan did in his first term?
Have evangelical religious issues taken a backseat to economic / foreign policy issues in the current administration? Does this represent a temporary truce, or a more fundamental shift in the nation's political priorities?
With Sean Spicer resigning as Press Secretary resigning and Scaramucci taking over as Communications director, what does this mean?
What might we have seen from Lincoln's second term had he not been assassinated?
What are the Democrats working on internally right now? Is the Russia focus just obscuring news of anything else?
Since 1998, Americans have been near evenly split with being pro-life and pro-choice. What could cause this balance to shift?
What are the political consequences if Bob Menendez is convicted of corruption?
Fundamentally, how strong are US institutions against a populist coup (à la Julius Caesar or Napoleon)?
Erdoğan's coup - what do we know now?
How would implementation of a single payer healthcare system in America affect the jobs of people in the industry?
Despite the recent revelations about Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer, President Trump's poll numbers have remained unchanged from before. Why?
Upcoming Political Events
What if anything can/should be done to limit the advantage of incumbency?
How could productive discussion between opposing political sides be encouraged?
The UN Security Council has unanimously sanctioned North Korea. How will this comprehensive international response affect NK's missile program advancement?
What makes a good campaign manager?
36 states have gubernatorial elections in 2018. Which states represent the best pick-up opportunities for either party?
Who is likely to win the Washington State 45th district Senate election? And what impact will it have on the state legislature?
Just as the Democrats' "blue firewall" of the Midwest collapsed in 2016, do Republicans have any firewall regions that Democrats could try to weaken by 2020?
With New Hampshire and Vermont being so close together, why are their voting patterns so extremely different?
With West Virginia Governor Jim Justice switching from Democrat to Republican, how will this affect Senator Joe Manchin's reelection bid?
What is the Republican vision for America?
Congressman Chris Collins (NY-27) has introduced the Second Amendment Guarantee Act (SAGA), which would nullify state-level Assault Weapons Bans and magazine restrictions and transfer the power to do so to Congress. What is the likelihood of it passing, and what would the political impact be?
Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in his investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election. What are the consequences of this for both the investigation and the White House?
Does the Politics of "bringing jobs to America" work when the unemployment rate is extremely low?
Democrat's campaign chief vowed to make room for people with different opinions on abortion. What effect will this have on their party platform going into 2018?
Should the Republican Party run any candidates other than Donald Trump in the 2020 Presidential Election? If so, who?
West Virginia Democratic governor is switching to GOP, how does this change things?
Is the US justice system too far out of reach for the average person?
Why don't Republicans propose a tax reform like the 1986 bill?
The DOJ is preparing to reform Affirmative Action in American Universities. What will be the political consequences?
A Senate bill would cut legal immigration in half, and focus on skills instead of family. Will it pass and is it a good idea?
How sincere was Democrats' letter to GOP leaders? What would a GOP tax reform bill look like? What would bipartisan tax reform bill look like?
Should the tipped minimum wage be abolished and should tipped workers be paid minimum wage plus tips? And would this ever happen?
Should there be a litmus test on abortions for candidates within the Democratic party?
Why have very rural states such as Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont bucked the trend of turning redder over time?
Will we see a major piece of legislation pass before the 2018 mid-terms?
Democrat campaign chief Ben Ray Luján says no GOP incumbent should run unopposed in 2018 midterms. Who are some probable or dark horse candidates?
Saudi Arabia is spending a lot of money to promote anti-Qatar info online, especially to US internet users. What reasons could their government have for trying to sway the opinions of US internet users?
In a Republican utopia, what would be the ideal Republican plan for healthcare?
What should the Democratic message be for 2018?
According to The Washington Post, Anthony Scaramucci is out as White House communications director, just 10 days after his arrival, as John Kelly's first move as Trump's Chief of Staff. What does this mean for Trump's administration?
Jeff Flake wrote a boldly-worded Op-ed criticizing Trump and the Republican party's reaction to him. Will this signal a larger breaking of congressional Republicans with Trump?
With Kelly in and Scaramucci, Priebus and Spicer out, will we see a stabilization of white house staffing?
Can Democrats in Congress make a health bill of their own, and get a handful of Republicans to join them?
Who would you say is the best example of a successful politician from your state in the past, who embodied an ideology so far out of bounds with that states modern political leanings that they could never be elected there nowadays(i.e. Birch Bayh in Indiana, Spiro Agnew in Maryland, etc.)?
Was the recent vote for a constituent assembly in Venezuela legitimate and consistent with Venezuelan law and political norms, or somehow a power-grab by the Maduro government?
What can Japan do about their potential population decline and how it might impact their economy in the future?
Grover Cleveland is the only US president to serve two non-consecutive terms. Do you think this will ever happen again? Why or why not?
The Utah 3rd District is in the middle of a special election primary to replace Jason Chaffetz. Who of the Republican candidates is most qualified to replace him? Who will win?
Are US politicians too focused on the short-term? What could be done to increase the amount of long-term policy and decision making?
Why don't Democratic voters knock Ted Cruz out at the primary with a moderate challenger?
With an opposing party in the White House, and considering how much Democrats loathe Trump, will they announce their 2020 bids for the Presidency extra early like they did for the 2008 election when Bush was President?
What will be the result of a growing illiberalism in the United States?
Conrad Black recently claimed that the US is experiencing a second, non-violent Civil War. Other commentators have made similar statements. How accurate is this? If true, what is the end game? Is there any realistic way to dial back the rhetoric and return to a more stable political climate?
Congressional Democrats are reportedly pivoting to offer Obamacare improvements. Is it a smart strategy for the Democratic Party to try and make a deal with the Republicans?
How can we address the vulnerabilities in voting machines?
With unified control of Capitol Hill, why haven't Congressional Republicans returned to "regular order" legislating?
Members of the House Hispanic Caucus have introduced the "American Hope Act". What can we expect?
Donald Trump has named Gen. John F. Kelly as his new Chief of Staff. What effect will this new hire have on the Trump administration? Will Kelly be more or less effective than Reince Priebus?
What would be the ramifications if Trump pursued "an independent White House" untethered from the Republican Party?
The Senate narrowly failed to pass an Obamacare repeal bill this morning. What does this mean for the future of this congress and the Republican Party?
North Korea has fired another missle; the second this month. The Pentagon now estimates NK will have nuclear-capable intercontinental ballistic missile as early as next year. Is military conflict inevitable?
What should America do about prostitution laws in this country? Should they stay the same? Should it be legal to buy sex and sell sex (the Dutch model)? Should it be legal to sell sex, but illegal to buy sex (the Nordic model)?
What might the 2018 Arizona Election look like if there are two senatorial races?
Congressman John Delaney just announced his 2020 bid for the presidency
Trump renewed his plea to the Senate to nuke the filibuster. If it came to pass how would it affect future legislation with this Republican Congress?
Does Rep. Seth Moulton have a serious chance of winning the Democratic nomination in 2020?
Yesterday, Anthony Scaramucci, WH Comms. Director, spoke to a "The New Yorker" reporter. During this, he called Priebus, WH CoS, a "paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac" and made a crude remark about Bannon.
Is it realistic to expect Republicans to bi-partisanly work to improve Obamacare? If so how could obamacare be improved?
Should there be an automatic referendum one year after a new President takes office on whether they should keep their job?
Should the states consider implementing proportional representation? How would it affect state legislatures, and state politics? What benefits and drawbacks would PR have?
Foxconn coming to Wisconsin: How well do these deals usually work out for state and local governments?
The Obamacare "skinny-repeal." What does this latest push from senate Republicans mean for US healthcare and politics surrounding it? Will it pass?
"Campus Carry" laws take effect in multiple states this year. Has there been any research into the effects of campus carry in states where it already exists?
How would Trump and the republicans react to a 2020 democratic presidential candidate being stylistically similar to Trump?
Why is Health Insurance Tied to Employment?
President Trump has announced a ban on transgenders from serving in the military, effective immediately. What should the Democrats' response be? Is this likely to become a prevalent topic in the 2018 midterms?
Newt Gingrich went on NPR this morning to say that the Justice department is "an extraordinary left-wing institution" and Mueller's team was biased due to donations to Hillary Clinton. Is there any truth to this claim?
Should the next Democratic nominee be a straight white man?
Trump's transgender policy and current service members
The Trump Administration is reportedly exploring the replacement of A.G. Jeff Sessions. What effect would the removal of the current Attorney General and the installation of a new one willing to fire Robert Mueller have on the ongoing Russia investigation?
Would Democrats ever consider a shorter workweek as part of their "New New Deal"?
Should senators be permitted to vote remotely?
Has Brexit been good or bad for the European Project?
The Trump Administration's Voter Info Request Just Went Through: What will the consequences be if mid to large scale voter fraud is uncovered? What will the consequences be if no voter fraud is uncovered?
What changes could be made to the ACA that would strengthen it or help improve it?
Pros and cons of an EU army?
What kind of effect did the presidential debates in 2016 have on the election? Did Trump's performance in the debates help him in winning the election?
McCain gave a powerful senate speech on his return, will he sway the heathcare debate?
Can Republicans ever become competitive in Hawaii again?
Nancy Pelosi outlined the Democrats agenda that focuses on job creation, big business, and prescription drugs. What is the likelihood that the democrats would be able accomplish these goals, and what would have to happen for them to succeed?
What was the legislative and political history of Medicare as it relates to universal single-payer healthcare?
With regards to the cost of health care, what legislation could incentivize the CEOs of health care companies to reduce costs?
How would S.702 [Israel Anti-Boycott Act] affect individual liberties, particularly first amendment rights?
Should states and municipalities offer hefty tax breaks to attract business? Are tax incentives an effective means of driving economic growth? How do such incentives play into urban/rural and interstate disparities?
Will the Republican party ever win the popular vote again?
What's the best way to fix the federal deficit?
As Poland takes steps towards an authoritarian, single-party government, is it appropriate for the EU to prescribe internal government structure?
What are the implications of Trump looking into pardoning himself?
If Congress passes this sanctions bill right before the August recess, would that allow Trump to pocket veto it?
If Ted Kennedy had successfully primaried Carter in 1980 and won the general, how would his approach differ from what Reagan did in his first term?
Have evangelical religious issues taken a backseat to economic / foreign policy issues in the current administration? Does this represent a temporary truce, or a more fundamental shift in the nation's political priorities?
With Sean Spicer resigning as Press Secretary resigning and Scaramucci taking over as Communications director, what does this mean?
What might we have seen from Lincoln's second term had he not been assassinated?
What are the Democrats working on internally right now? Is the Russia focus just obscuring news of anything else?
Since 1998, Americans have been near evenly split with being pro-life and pro-choice. What could cause this balance to shift?
What are the political consequences if Bob Menendez is convicted of corruption?
Fundamentally, how strong are US institutions against a populist coup (à la Julius Caesar or Napoleon)?
Erdoğan's coup - what do we know now?
How would implementation of a single payer healthcare system in America affect the jobs of people in the industry?
Despite the recent revelations about Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer, President Trump's poll numbers have remained unchanged from before. Why?
Why did you refuse to vote or write in another candidate (not Trump/Hillary)?
Will John McCain step down because of his cancer? What would be the effect on the senate if so?
What would a bipartisan healthcare reform plan look like and how likely is it that such a plan becomes law before the 2020 election?
What are the current policies/ideas are there for reducing the cost of healthcare?
Now that the repeal-only plan has collapsed, President Trump said his plan was now "to let Obamacare fail". Should Democrats help the GOP fix health care?
Has Conspiracy Culture always been this prevelent in American politics?
What is the difference between what is called "socialism" in europe and socialism as tried in the soviet union, china, cuba etc?
What policies both actually lower the cost of healthcare, and can pass the house/senate in the near future?
Theories about where the Democratic Party went wrong -- and where it needs to head -- are still a subject of intense debate. What actually accounts for Democrats' underwhelming 2016 performance?
What are the main factors behind the decision by Senator Jerry Moran of Kansas and Mike Lee of Utah to announce their oppostion to the AHCA?
What are the implications of the Senate's latest health care initiative failing due to continued party infighting?
Should foreigners in the U.S illegally be given drivers licenses?
What is the reason for the disconnect between economists and the general population on so many issues?
Besides political will, what are the biggest practical obstacles keeping the USA from enacting Universal Healthcare.
What Makes a News Source Credible and Trustworthy?
Should governments tax foods that are high in fat and sugar?
What major progressive initiatives happening at the state and local level?
Are special interests and lobbyists disproportionately powerful in US politics relative to other countries?
New GOP health care draft leaves in place taxes on Americans with the highest incomes. How does this change things?
Who best embodies each of the current political parties in America?
Musician Kid Rock has declared that he has made up his mind and will be running against Debbie Stabenow for her senate seat in 2018. What are his chances and would the Michigan GOP welcome a Kid Rock run?
Donald Trump Jr just tweeted out emails that he was eager to get info that he knew was from the Russian Government in an effort to help the campaign. What are potential the ramifications of this?
The sanctity of democratic elections
Emmanuel Macron recently implied that Africa's high birthrate was inherently destabilizing.
Could a Teddy Roosevelt-style progressive (from any party) win the U.S. Presidential election in 2020 or 2024?
Will capital punishment ever be abolished in the US? If so, when?
Will the NAACP Atlanta’s partnership with the Women’s March against the NRA encourage the Democratic Party and its voter base to spend more political capital on gun control?
In a 3 way US presidential election where nobody reaches 270 electoral votes, could one candidate tell their electors to give their votes to another candidate?
If Trump's approval ratings drop far enough, could we see Republican senators switch parties?
Who is your favorite Senator and why?
Donald Trump Jr. allegedly met with a Russian lawyer with ties to the Kremlin during the 2016 presidential race in hopes of receiving damaging information about Hillary Clinton. Does this amount to collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, or is this controversy much ado about nothing?
Should states have the right to prevent its cities and counties from raising the minimum wage above the state minimum wage?
What can governments of Western social welfare state do to increase the birth rate of their countries?
Does the United States need a Space Corps?
What would be the long term geopolitical consequences of renewed hostilities with North Korea?
Which US politician has had the biggest fall from grace?
Hillary Clinton received the lowest percentage share of white voters in over 30 years (not seen since 1984). Do the Democrats have a potential problem with white voters moving forward? Does this suggest a future of increasing racial polarization in voting patterns?
Is America is "ready" for single-payer healthcare system?
With the UN having recently recommended the issue of the Chagos Islands and their sovereignty, what could happen if Mauritius is ruled to have sovereignty?
US Government expenditure by GDP has gone from 7% in 1900, to 35% today. How has larger government helped or hurt our economy?
Is it a realistic goal to expect all the members of NATO to meet the agreed upon goal of spending 2% of their GDP on defense? How do we get there?
How much did Clinton's support for US wars in the Middle East damage her 2016 election campaign? And how much does inequality in military casualties affect US politics?
How did US foreign policy influence EroMaiden, the Ukrainian protests of 2013?
One executive order of your creation!
The US government has reigned continuously for much longer than many other current governments. What factors have contributed to its longevity?
Is there any diplomatic thread to weave in Korea?
What are the long-term effects of low turnout amongst younger voters?
When is a political view justified?
Is it fair to say that Sanders' economic populism may have beaten Trump's socio-cultural populism?
What would it take for Democrats to win the Alabama Senate Special Election in December?
Should the US continue to maintain a ground based ICBM force?
Cruz Amendment to Senate Healthcare Bill
What is better for healthcare, free-market or socialized care?
What collation will be formed after the next German election?
Could Medicaid be Restructured to be Federally Administered?
Cryptocurrency: taxation enforcement? Will cryptocurrency eventually force a shift to consumption and land taxes?
How have other candidates from opposing parties fared in special elections held to fill vacancies from congressional members leaving for the presidential cabinet?
The CBO just released a report indicating that under the Senate GOP's plan to repeal and replace the ACA, 22 million people would be uninsured and that the deficit would be reduced by $321 billion
What's the best way for Democrats to sell a "tax the millionaires" policy to the voting public?
Is donating to/volunteering for two different primary candidates a good strategy?
How much political currency do social issues have in today's landscape?
Is it possible that cultural appropriation will ever become illegal under international law? A UN committee is considering that. What would be the ramifications?
If the A.C.H.A passes in the current form, what legal challenges is it likely to face?
What constitutes a legitimate political position in American politics?
Is John Kasich planning to primary Trump in 2020?
Has culture/identity superseded issues and policy in voting?
With the end of the SCOTUS session upcoming next week, the rumors of an Anthony Kennedy retirment haven't gone away. Assuming if true. What benefits does this yield for the Republicans and what negatives arise for Democrats?
Is Trump producing an actual Shy Tory/Trump voter effect in the US?
Should Obama have intervened in the 2016 election to publicly announce alleged Russian meddling and consequent punishment - or did he make the right call in keeping it quiet?
Should the Democratic party become a gun friendly party?
The Comptroller of Illinois has warned of severe financial consequences if the state of Illinois does not pass a budget by July 1st. With its credit rating one notch away from junk, how much trouble is Illinois in?
Do you think long-term and short-term, the current republican healthcare proposals will benefit efforts to move left on healthcare policy in the United States ?
Should the Democratic Party oust Pelosi?
The Senate Republicans healthcare bill has just been released. Thoughts?
What is the appropriate response for journalists confronted with changes to the WH daily press briefings?
Will Generation X get skipped from the Presidency the way the Silent Generation was?
Why haven't there been more Unity Tickets in American politics?
Has there ever been a widespread right-wing movement in Mexico? Given the current political affairs there would a right-wing movement become popular?
Is a US-North Korea war an inevitable eventuality?
Saudia Arabia has changed the line of succession, Mohammed bin Salman has replaced Mohammed bin Nayef as the crown prince. Why, and what does this mean for the future of SA?
With Trump winning the election, what are the prospects of more wealthy outsiders campaigning for President be in the future?
What is the motivation of Senate Republicans with their healthcare bill efforts?
When the Obama administration quietly increased domestic oil production while simultaneously pushing renewable energy development, was it employing a strategy for global leadership in the post-oil world?
Why are men much more likely than women to vote and self-identify as Republican and libertarian?
Campaigns of Ossoff and Quist
Georgia Congressional Election Megathread
Do the recent congressional election results suggest Democrats will do better in races that fly under the radar?
All 3 counties included in Georgia's 6th district voted for Clinton over Trump. Why wouldn't Ossoff have an edge?
Has public opinion in Scotland turned against independence? And if so, why?
Does the president have the power to pardon those who have not yet formally been charged with a crime? If not, how was Gerald Ford able to pardon Richard Nixon who, at the time he was pardoned, had not been formally charged? If so, are there any restrictions on the pardon power?
What is the End Game for Syria?
How should the United States respond to the death of Otto Warmbier?
Would Direct Democracy Work?
How will the AHCA's passage be impacted if Democrats win in Georgia and South Carolina?
The political compass of America
Who should be allowed to vote? Should the rules be different depending on the election?
Should large-scale data collection by political parties be made illegal?
How would international relations change if North Korea developed nuclear weapons?
Could Sessions' lack of testimony be explained by a non-disclosure agreement with Trump? How would a President demanding personal nda's work when in conflict with oaths sworn to the country/constitution?
Does Jason Kander, former Missouri Secretary of State and failed 2016 Senate candidate, have a chance at the 2020 Democratic nomination for President?
Why did you refuse to vote or write in another candidate (not Trump/Hillary)?
Will John McCain step down because of his cancer? What would be the effect on the senate if so?
What would a bipartisan healthcare reform plan look like and how likely is it that such a plan becomes law before the 2020 election?
What are the current policies/ideas are there for reducing the cost of healthcare?
Now that the repeal-only plan has collapsed, President Trump said his plan was now "to let Obamacare fail". Should Democrats help the GOP fix health care?
Has Conspiracy Culture always been this prevelent in American politics?
What is the difference between what is called "socialism" in europe and socialism as tried in the soviet union, china, cuba etc?
What policies both actually lower the cost of healthcare, and can pass the house/senate in the near future?
Theories about where the Democratic Party went wrong -- and where it needs to head -- are still a subject of intense debate. What actually accounts for Democrats' underwhelming 2016 performance?
What are the main factors behind the decision by Senator Jerry Moran of Kansas and Mike Lee of Utah to announce their oppostion to the AHCA?
What are the implications of the Senate's latest health care initiative failing due to continued party infighting?
Should foreigners in the U.S illegally be given drivers licenses?
What is the reason for the disconnect between economists and the general population on so many issues?
Besides political will, what are the biggest practical obstacles keeping the USA from enacting Universal Healthcare.
What Makes a News Source Credible and Trustworthy?
Should governments tax foods that are high in fat and sugar?
What major progressive initiatives happening at the state and local level?
Are special interests and lobbyists disproportionately powerful in US politics relative to other countries?
New GOP health care draft leaves in place taxes on Americans with the highest incomes. How does this change things?
Who best embodies each of the current political parties in America?
Musician Kid Rock has declared that he has made up his mind and will be running against Debbie Stabenow for her senate seat in 2018. What are his chances and would the Michigan GOP welcome a Kid Rock run?
Donald Trump Jr just tweeted out emails that he was eager to get info that he knew was from the Russian Government in an effort to help the campaign. What are potential the ramifications of this?
The sanctity of democratic elections
Emmanuel Macron recently implied that Africa's high birthrate was inherently destabilizing.
Could a Teddy Roosevelt-style progressive (from any party) win the U.S. Presidential election in 2020 or 2024?
Will capital punishment ever be abolished in the US? If so, when?
Will the NAACP Atlanta’s partnership with the Women’s March against the NRA encourage the Democratic Party and its voter base to spend more political capital on gun control?
In a 3 way US presidential election where nobody reaches 270 electoral votes, could one candidate tell their electors to give their votes to another candidate?
If Trump's approval ratings drop far enough, could we see Republican senators switch parties?
Who is your favorite Senator and why?
Donald Trump Jr. allegedly met with a Russian lawyer with ties to the Kremlin during the 2016 presidential race in hopes of receiving damaging information about Hillary Clinton. Does this amount to collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, or is this controversy much ado about nothing?
Should states have the right to prevent its cities and counties from raising the minimum wage above the state minimum wage?
What can governments of Western social welfare state do to increase the birth rate of their countries?
Does the United States need a Space Corps?
What would be the long term geopolitical consequences of renewed hostilities with North Korea?
Which US politician has had the biggest fall from grace?
Hillary Clinton received the lowest percentage share of white voters in over 30 years (not seen since 1984). Do the Democrats have a potential problem with white voters moving forward? Does this suggest a future of increasing racial polarization in voting patterns?
Is America is "ready" for single-payer healthcare system?
With the UN having recently recommended the issue of the Chagos Islands and their sovereignty, what could happen if Mauritius is ruled to have sovereignty?
US Government expenditure by GDP has gone from 7% in 1900, to 35% today. How has larger government helped or hurt our economy?
Is it a realistic goal to expect all the members of NATO to meet the agreed upon goal of spending 2% of their GDP on defense? How do we get there?
How much did Clinton's support for US wars in the Middle East damage her 2016 election campaign? And how much does inequality in military casualties affect US politics?
How did US foreign policy influence EroMaiden, the Ukrainian protests of 2013?
One executive order of your creation!
The US government has reigned continuously for much longer than many other current governments. What factors have contributed to its longevity?
Is there any diplomatic thread to weave in Korea?
What are the long-term effects of low turnout amongst younger voters?
When is a political view justified?
Is it fair to say that Sanders' economic populism may have beaten Trump's socio-cultural populism?
What would it take for Democrats to win the Alabama Senate Special Election in December?
Should the US continue to maintain a ground based ICBM force?
Cruz Amendment to Senate Healthcare Bill
What is better for healthcare, free-market or socialized care?
What collation will be formed after the next German election?
Could Medicaid be Restructured to be Federally Administered?
Cryptocurrency: taxation enforcement? Will cryptocurrency eventually force a shift to consumption and land taxes?
How have other candidates from opposing parties fared in special elections held to fill vacancies from congressional members leaving for the presidential cabinet?
The CBO just released a report indicating that under the Senate GOP's plan to repeal and replace the ACA, 22 million people would be uninsured and that the deficit would be reduced by $321 billion
What's the best way for Democrats to sell a "tax the millionaires" policy to the voting public?
Is donating to/volunteering for two different primary candidates a good strategy?
How much political currency do social issues have in today's landscape?
Is it possible that cultural appropriation will ever become illegal under international law? A UN committee is considering that. What would be the ramifications?
If the A.C.H.A passes in the current form, what legal challenges is it likely to face?
What constitutes a legitimate political position in American politics?
Is John Kasich planning to primary Trump in 2020?
Has culture/identity superseded issues and policy in voting?
With the end of the SCOTUS session upcoming next week, the rumors of an Anthony Kennedy retirment haven't gone away. Assuming if true. What benefits does this yield for the Republicans and what negatives arise for Democrats?
Is Trump producing an actual Shy Tory/Trump voter effect in the US?
Should Obama have intervened in the 2016 election to publicly announce alleged Russian meddling and consequent punishment - or did he make the right call in keeping it quiet?
Should the Democratic party become a gun friendly party?
The Comptroller of Illinois has warned of severe financial consequences if the state of Illinois does not pass a budget by July 1st. With its credit rating one notch away from junk, how much trouble is Illinois in?
Do you think long-term and short-term, the current republican healthcare proposals will benefit efforts to move left on healthcare policy in the United States ?
Should the Democratic Party oust Pelosi?
The Senate Republicans healthcare bill has just been released. Thoughts?
What is the appropriate response for journalists confronted with changes to the WH daily press briefings?
Will Generation X get skipped from the Presidency the way the Silent Generation was?
Why haven't there been more Unity Tickets in American politics?
Has there ever been a widespread right-wing movement in Mexico? Given the current political affairs there would a right-wing movement become popular?
Is a US-North Korea war an inevitable eventuality?
Saudia Arabia has changed the line of succession, Mohammed bin Salman has replaced Mohammed bin Nayef as the crown prince. Why, and what does this mean for the future of SA?
With Trump winning the election, what are the prospects of more wealthy outsiders campaigning for President be in the future?
What is the motivation of Senate Republicans with their healthcare bill efforts?
When the Obama administration quietly increased domestic oil production while simultaneously pushing renewable energy development, was it employing a strategy for global leadership in the post-oil world?
Why are men much more likely than women to vote and self-identify as Republican and libertarian?
Campaigns of Ossoff and Quist
Georgia Congressional Election Megathread
Do the recent congressional election results suggest Democrats will do better in races that fly under the radar?
All 3 counties included in Georgia's 6th district voted for Clinton over Trump. Why wouldn't Ossoff have an edge?
Has public opinion in Scotland turned against independence? And if so, why?
Does the president have the power to pardon those who have not yet formally been charged with a crime? If not, how was Gerald Ford able to pardon Richard Nixon who, at the time he was pardoned, had not been formally charged? If so, are there any restrictions on the pardon power?
What is the End Game for Syria?
How should the United States respond to the death of Otto Warmbier?
Would Direct Democracy Work?
How will the AHCA's passage be impacted if Democrats win in Georgia and South Carolina?
The political compass of America
Who should be allowed to vote? Should the rules be different depending on the election?
Should large-scale data collection by political parties be made illegal?
How would international relations change if North Korea developed nuclear weapons?
Could Sessions' lack of testimony be explained by a non-disclosure agreement with Trump? How would a President demanding personal nda's work when in conflict with oaths sworn to the country/constitution?
Does Jason Kander, former Missouri Secretary of State and failed 2016 Senate candidate, have a chance at the 2020 Democratic nomination for President?
President Trump has confirmed that he is under investigation for obstruction of justice and attacked Deputy AG Rosenstein. What is the rationale behind his "going on the offensive? If he fires Rosenstein and appoints someone who fires Mueller, what are the likely consequences?
Trump has reversed certain pieces of Obama-era engagement with Cuba. Is this move beneficial to the interests of the United States and the Cuban people?
What would the Ohio Drug Price Standards Initiative (also known as the Ohio Drug Price Relief Act) do to drug prices in Ohio? How similar is this to California Proposition 61?
How do we reconcile yesterday's shooting with the 2nd Amendment?
Do developing countries have an obligation to scale back on coal and other avenues that contribute to global warming?
Should NBC continue to air their interview with Alex Jones?
Could an Ossoff (D) win in the June 20 special election in Georgia put the brakes on the AHCA passage?
Is nuclear power deserving of all its political criticism?
What is the purpose of senators' elaborate comments during the Sessions hearing?
Nearly 200 Democratic members of Congress have sued President Trump over his alleged conflicts of interest. Will this lawsuit have any effect on Trump's presidency, or is it nothing more than political grandstanding?
Senators have reached a bipartisan deal to codify, extend and enhance sanctions on Russia for interfering with US elections. If the House passes it, what would be the fallout if Trump openly vetoes it and refuses to have sanctions on Russia?
The Los Angeles Police Department has introduced a new policy prohibiting officers from shooting unless all nonlethal options have been exhausted and mandating increased training. Is this likely to significantly reduce the rate of shootings there?
Is there historical precedent for Attorney General Sessions' claims in his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee that he is not required to answer certain questions pertaining to interactions with the President?
What are the most important takeaways from Attorney General Jeff Sessions' testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee?
Would American politics benefit from candidates participating in more "issue-style" debates?
Trump allies have started to question Robert Mueller's credibility. Should this move be supported and encouraged by the Trump Administration?
Party defines as being Centrist, can this actually work?
Should the Supreme Court have the authority to remove the President from office?
Attorney General Jeff Sessions will be testifying publicly in front of the Senate Intelligence Panel on Tuesday. What questions will be asked, and what sort of responses can we expect to hear? Will there be any surprises?
With the overwhelming majority of votes favoring statehood in Sunday's referendum, will Puerto Rico become America's 51st state?
4 years
What will be the political implications of the most recent UK election?
Do you think it's possible for a "religious left" to emerge in the US?
What were the major mistakes of the Mitt Romney campaign in 2012?
Justice Department argues emoluments clause doesn't bar Trump's business
Is it possible that Trump's presidency is the cause of the reversal of fortunes for nationalist parties in Western Europe?
Could Tim Kaine be a major player in 2020 or be the leader of the Democratic Party?
Does Corbyn's performance in the UK election tells us anything about whether the Democrats should go Bernie's route for 2018/2020.
What do you make of the obstruction of justice charge and Trump's constitutional executive defense?
What are the implications of former FBI Director James Comey's testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee?
Trey Gowdy has been selected to now lead the House Oversight Committee, replacing Jason Chaffetz. What implications could this have?
Is there a good argument for rolling back Dodd-Frank?
UK Election Megathread
Did withdrawing from the Paris Agreement end up helping it?
Kurdistan in Iraq has just announced an Independence Referendum. Thoughts?
Trump has reportedly nominated Christopher Wray to lead FBI. Is he a good choice and will he get confirmed
What would it take for US Congress and the states to move to a model of proportional representation for legislative elections?
Could Trump be a Jimmy Carter?
What do you believe is the nation with the best current political system and why?
In 5 days, Puerto Rico will hold a referendum to determine their political status. If Puerto Ricans vote for statehood, will Congress initiate action to accept Puerto Rico as the 51st state?
Iran, Saudi Arabia, arms deals, Yemen, disbanding relations with Qatar, the Syrian Civil War, sunni vs shi'a islam, funding of ISIS and terrorist groups, Russian involvment; how do these all fit together and who wants what? What is the role of the "West" and what should be their role?
Why are the Bush and Clinton political dynasties so disliked, while others, like the Kennedy's and Taft's, remain popular? Additionally, what are the chances of the Trump family becoming a political mainstay?
Why is the US judicial branch so strong compared to other countries?
Trump's travel ban was supposed to be temporary until the administration developed "extreme vetting" procedures. Has that happened?
Where is the balance between liberty and saftey?
Saudi Arabia and five other Arab nations have suspended diplomatic relations with Qatar, accusing it of destabilizing the region. What are the ramifications of this and what does it mean for Middle Eastern geopolitics going forward?
Could a candidate today pull off a "Polk"?
Federal court judges have ruled several GOP drawn congressional district maps in NC and TX as unconstitutional. What will be the political effect of this? Will this result in new maps for the 2018 elections?
Do you think it's possible for the Dems to win in Arizona, Georgia, or Texas in 2020 and how do their chances rate against Ohio, Iowa &amp; NC?
Joe Biden has launched a PAC, a possible first step towards running in 2020. Setting aside the particulars of the candidate, is it wise to lay the groundwork this far in advance?
How would a President Cruz, Rubio, or Walker be different or same from the Trump administration? Would the GOP Congress be doing more, less or the same?
Why has climate change become such a deeply partisan issue over the past 8 years?
Several prominent Democrats have made the argument that Obama's focus on his grassroots organization robbed resources and attention from state-level Democratic organizations and ultimately damaged future democratic political campaigns. Is this argument valid?
Should Democrats make a serious effort to appeal to and/or retain Romney to Clinton voters? And could this voting block be a key to future Democratic success?
What differentiates the campaigns of Quist, Thompson and Ossoff in the recent special elections?
How would a Labour victory and a Corbyn Premiership impact global politics?
It is being reported this morning that Trump is expected to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement. What are the immediate and long term ramifications? What is the future of the Paris Agreement with a withdrawn USA?
Should the method of congressional house elections been specified in the US Constitution?
Are some so-called 'freedom of speech laws' actually hurting our freedom of speech?
What would be the positive and negative effects of the West deciding to align itself with Iran over Saudi Arabia? Does one side drastically outweigh the other?
Henry Kissinger described the web of alliances of the pre-WWI era as being a "political doomsday machine". What stops something like NATO's Article 5 from triggering the next world war if all NATO allies are required by treaty to declare war on an aggressor?
Texas lawmakers want to pass another bathroom bill, will they face similar consequences to NC?
How much autonomy do legislators have in various Western democracies?
Since December 2015, Pew Research Center has found that 23% of young Republicans have defected to the Democratic Party while 14% of middle aged Democrats (50-64 year olds) have defected to the GOP. Do these trends signal a potential generational showdown in politics if they continue?
Should Americans be concerned about the creeping influence of intelligence agencies in national and international politics? What could be done about it?
Ia it plausible that the death penalty will be ruled unconstitutional?
What will the next amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with and when will it be passed?
Should last minute events impact elections as much as they do?
Are there any "easy" political issues or policy changes that you believe most Americans could agree to pass that either are being held up in Congress or aren't being discussed at all?
The Manchester Metropolitan Police has banned the sending of sensitive material of the recent bombing to US authorities due to numerous leaks. What is causing the American authorities to leak such sensitive material? Does this have anything to do with Trumps administration?
The CBO has recently released its second score report for the ObamaCare repeal bill.
US geopolitical expert claims attack on North Korea is imminent. Does this seem to be the case? How might this play out?
Why have most of the Plains and Rocky Mountain States been so consistently Republican?
PM Theresa May is proposing heavily regulating and censoring Britain’s Internet. Do you predict that this measure will be passed, and what effects on Britain’s popular and political cultures would it have if so?
What is keeping the Republican-controlled Congress from sending conservative bills for Trump to sign?
What impact will the Supreme Court ruling on Cooper v. Harris have on gerrymandering nation-wide?
Regardless of which side you are on, media bias exists to a certain extent. How can an American President overcome the challenge of a biased media without violating the First Amendment?
With Trumps visit to Riyadh and "speech on Islam", is Trump going to be more moderate on his approach to Islam?
Over the past decade, the Democrats have turned two red-leaning swing states (Virginia and Colorado) into blue-leaning swing states. What other red-leaning states can they turn into blue-leaning swing states within the next two elections?
What effect will Trump's speech at the Arab Islamic Summit have on America's diplomacy with the Middle East?
Trump's 2018 budget proposal includes six weeks of paid family leave. Is it likely to become reality?
What is the political fallout for the democrats of the special prosecutor returning with no charges against any individuals?
In the last week, leaks from inside the White House have plagued the Trump administration. Is this unusual compared to previous administration's? How does the administration combat this and how can future administration's prepare themselves to avoid this?
The Labour Party has seen an increase in support since the calling of the election. What would it mean for the hard left of British politics if they outperformed their 2015 vote share?
How can Europe cope with the African population boom and its migration towards Europe?
Does the assault of Erdogan's guards on American civilans constitute as a terrorist attack?
The Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll, which has surveyed GOP voters every day since Trump's inauguration, shows that between May 11 and May 18, his 5-day average approval among GOP voters sank from 83 to 75 percent. Republican disapproval of Trump rose from 15 to 23 percent. Is this a sign for concern?
How much protection does the Atlantic and Pacific provide the US in the modern era?
Is it likely that Native Hawaiians will ever receive autonomy in the same way that Native Americans and Alaska Natives do?
Which, if any, politician do you think would be willing and able to pull off the Trump's campaign style that gave him wins, albeit by slim margins, in blue wall states?
How would Russia react to the recent U.S. arms deal with Saudi Arabia?
Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R), Chairman of the House Oversight Committee, will be resigning from Congress effective June 30th. What could this mean for the future of congressional investigations, and for Republicans in Congress?
Dept. AG Rosenstein has appointed Robert Mueller as Special Counsel to oversee all matters related to the Russian investigation. Will this provide the independence and impartiality critics have demanded?
Would Republicans benefit from starting impeachment hearings so they could end before 2018 midterm elections?
The president of Brazil, Michel Temer, has been caught asking for hush money in a leaked tape.The brazillian congress has opened a motion for Impeachment. This is the second potencial impeachment in over 2 years.What would be the future of Brazil going foward?
Why is healthcare argued as a right when food, clothing, and shelter typically are not?
Why does the U.S. need (or not need) racially-based affirmative action in college admissions?
Given the changing demographics of the electorate, should the Republican Party target the growing share of Asian voters in the long run instead of Hispanic voters?
The Washington Post reports that Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russian foreign minster last week. How will this effect U.S. intelligence operations and intelligence sharing operations?
Are the current checks and balances in the US government sufficient?
President Trump has confirmed that he is under investigation for obstruction of justice and attacked Deputy AG Rosenstein. What is the rationale behind his "going on the offensive? If he fires Rosenstein and appoints someone who fires Mueller, what are the likely consequences?
Trump has reversed certain pieces of Obama-era engagement with Cuba. Is this move beneficial to the interests of the United States and the Cuban people?
What would the Ohio Drug Price Standards Initiative (also known as the Ohio Drug Price Relief Act) do to drug prices in Ohio? How similar is this to California Proposition 61?
How do we reconcile yesterday's shooting with the 2nd Amendment?
Do developing countries have an obligation to scale back on coal and other avenues that contribute to global warming?
Should NBC continue to air their interview with Alex Jones?
Could an Ossoff (D) win in the June 20 special election in Georgia put the brakes on the AHCA passage?
Is nuclear power deserving of all its political criticism?
What is the purpose of senators' elaborate comments during the Sessions hearing?
Nearly 200 Democratic members of Congress have sued President Trump over his alleged conflicts of interest. Will this lawsuit have any effect on Trump's presidency, or is it nothing more than political grandstanding?
Senators have reached a bipartisan deal to codify, extend and enhance sanctions on Russia for interfering with US elections. If the House passes it, what would be the fallout if Trump openly vetoes it and refuses to have sanctions on Russia?
The Los Angeles Police Department has introduced a new policy prohibiting officers from shooting unless all nonlethal options have been exhausted and mandating increased training. Is this likely to significantly reduce the rate of shootings there?
Is there historical precedent for Attorney General Sessions' claims in his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee that he is not required to answer certain questions pertaining to interactions with the President?
What are the most important takeaways from Attorney General Jeff Sessions' testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee?
Would American politics benefit from candidates participating in more "issue-style" debates?
Trump allies have started to question Robert Mueller's credibility. Should this move be supported and encouraged by the Trump Administration?
Party defines as being Centrist, can this actually work?
Should the Supreme Court have the authority to remove the President from office?
Attorney General Jeff Sessions will be testifying publicly in front of the Senate Intelligence Panel on Tuesday. What questions will be asked, and what sort of responses can we expect to hear? Will there be any surprises?
With the overwhelming majority of votes favoring statehood in Sunday's referendum, will Puerto Rico become America's 51st state?
4 years
What will be the political implications of the most recent UK election?
Do you think it's possible for a "religious left" to emerge in the US?
What were the major mistakes of the Mitt Romney campaign in 2012?
Justice Department argues emoluments clause doesn't bar Trump's business
Is it possible that Trump's presidency is the cause of the reversal of fortunes for nationalist parties in Western Europe?
Could Tim Kaine be a major player in 2020 or be the leader of the Democratic Party?
Does Corbyn's performance in the UK election tells us anything about whether the Democrats should go Bernie's route for 2018/2020.
What do you make of the obstruction of justice charge and Trump's constitutional executive defense?
What are the implications of former FBI Director James Comey's testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee?
Trey Gowdy has been selected to now lead the House Oversight Committee, replacing Jason Chaffetz. What implications could this have?
Is there a good argument for rolling back Dodd-Frank?
UK Election Megathread
Did withdrawing from the Paris Agreement end up helping it?
Kurdistan in Iraq has just announced an Independence Referendum. Thoughts?
Trump has reportedly nominated Christopher Wray to lead FBI. Is he a good choice and will he get confirmed
What would it take for US Congress and the states to move to a model of proportional representation for legislative elections?
Could Trump be a Jimmy Carter?
What do you believe is the nation with the best current political system and why?
In 5 days, Puerto Rico will hold a referendum to determine their political status. If Puerto Ricans vote for statehood, will Congress initiate action to accept Puerto Rico as the 51st state?
Iran, Saudi Arabia, arms deals, Yemen, disbanding relations with Qatar, the Syrian Civil War, sunni vs shi'a islam, funding of ISIS and terrorist groups, Russian involvment; how do these all fit together and who wants what? What is the role of the "West" and what should be their role?
Why are the Bush and Clinton political dynasties so disliked, while others, like the Kennedy's and Taft's, remain popular? Additionally, what are the chances of the Trump family becoming a political mainstay?
Why is the US judicial branch so strong compared to other countries?
Trump's travel ban was supposed to be temporary until the administration developed "extreme vetting" procedures. Has that happened?
Where is the balance between liberty and saftey?
Saudi Arabia and five other Arab nations have suspended diplomatic relations with Qatar, accusing it of destabilizing the region. What are the ramifications of this and what does it mean for Middle Eastern geopolitics going forward?
Could a candidate today pull off a "Polk"?
Federal court judges have ruled several GOP drawn congressional district maps in NC and TX as unconstitutional. What will be the political effect of this? Will this result in new maps for the 2018 elections?
Do you think it's possible for the Dems to win in Arizona, Georgia, or Texas in 2020 and how do their chances rate against Ohio, Iowa &amp; NC?
Joe Biden has launched a PAC, a possible first step towards running in 2020. Setting aside the particulars of the candidate, is it wise to lay the groundwork this far in advance?
How would a President Cruz, Rubio, or Walker be different or same from the Trump administration? Would the GOP Congress be doing more, less or the same?
Why has climate change become such a deeply partisan issue over the past 8 years?
Several prominent Democrats have made the argument that Obama's focus on his grassroots organization robbed resources and attention from state-level Democratic organizations and ultimately damaged future democratic political campaigns. Is this argument valid?
Should Democrats make a serious effort to appeal to and/or retain Romney to Clinton voters? And could this voting block be a key to future Democratic success?
What differentiates the campaigns of Quist, Thompson and Ossoff in the recent special elections?
How would a Labour victory and a Corbyn Premiership impact global politics?
It is being reported this morning that Trump is expected to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement. What are the immediate and long term ramifications? What is the future of the Paris Agreement with a withdrawn USA?
Should the method of congressional house elections been specified in the US Constitution?
Are some so-called 'freedom of speech laws' actually hurting our freedom of speech?
What would be the positive and negative effects of the West deciding to align itself with Iran over Saudi Arabia? Does one side drastically outweigh the other?
Henry Kissinger described the web of alliances of the pre-WWI era as being a "political doomsday machine". What stops something like NATO's Article 5 from triggering the next world war if all NATO allies are required by treaty to declare war on an aggressor?
Texas lawmakers want to pass another bathroom bill, will they face similar consequences to NC?
How much autonomy do legislators have in various Western democracies?
Since December 2015, Pew Research Center has found that 23% of young Republicans have defected to the Democratic Party while 14% of middle aged Democrats (50-64 year olds) have defected to the GOP. Do these trends signal a potential generational showdown in politics if they continue?
Should Americans be concerned about the creeping influence of intelligence agencies in national and international politics? What could be done about it?
Ia it plausible that the death penalty will be ruled unconstitutional?
What will the next amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with and when will it be passed?
Should last minute events impact elections as much as they do?
Are there any "easy" political issues or policy changes that you believe most Americans could agree to pass that either are being held up in Congress or aren't being discussed at all?
The Manchester Metropolitan Police has banned the sending of sensitive material of the recent bombing to US authorities due to numerous leaks. What is causing the American authorities to leak such sensitive material? Does this have anything to do with Trumps administration?
The CBO has recently released its second score report for the ObamaCare repeal bill.
US geopolitical expert claims attack on North Korea is imminent. Does this seem to be the case? How might this play out?
Why have most of the Plains and Rocky Mountain States been so consistently Republican?
PM Theresa May is proposing heavily regulating and censoring Britain’s Internet. Do you predict that this measure will be passed, and what effects on Britain’s popular and political cultures would it have if so?
What is keeping the Republican-controlled Congress from sending conservative bills for Trump to sign?
What impact will the Supreme Court ruling on Cooper v. Harris have on gerrymandering nation-wide?
Regardless of which side you are on, media bias exists to a certain extent. How can an American President overcome the challenge of a biased media without violating the First Amendment?
With Trumps visit to Riyadh and "speech on Islam", is Trump going to be more moderate on his approach to Islam?
Over the past decade, the Democrats have turned two red-leaning swing states (Virginia and Colorado) into blue-leaning swing states. What other red-leaning states can they turn into blue-leaning swing states within the next two elections?
What effect will Trump's speech at the Arab Islamic Summit have on America's diplomacy with the Middle East?
Trump's 2018 budget proposal includes six weeks of paid family leave. Is it likely to become reality?
What is the political fallout for the democrats of the special prosecutor returning with no charges against any individuals?
In the last week, leaks from inside the White House have plagued the Trump administration. Is this unusual compared to previous administration's? How does the administration combat this and how can future administration's prepare themselves to avoid this?
The Labour Party has seen an increase in support since the calling of the election. What would it mean for the hard left of British politics if they outperformed their 2015 vote share?
How can Europe cope with the African population boom and its migration towards Europe?
Does the assault of Erdogan's guards on American civilans constitute as a terrorist attack?
The Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll, which has surveyed GOP voters every day since Trump's inauguration, shows that between May 11 and May 18, his 5-day average approval among GOP voters sank from 83 to 75 percent. Republican disapproval of Trump rose from 15 to 23 percent. Is this a sign for concern?
How much protection does the Atlantic and Pacific provide the US in the modern era?
Is it likely that Native Hawaiians will ever receive autonomy in the same way that Native Americans and Alaska Natives do?
Which, if any, politician do you think would be willing and able to pull off the Trump's campaign style that gave him wins, albeit by slim margins, in blue wall states?
How would Russia react to the recent U.S. arms deal with Saudi Arabia?
Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R), Chairman of the House Oversight Committee, will be resigning from Congress effective June 30th. What could this mean for the future of congressional investigations, and for Republicans in Congress?
Dept. AG Rosenstein has appointed Robert Mueller as Special Counsel to oversee all matters related to the Russian investigation. Will this provide the independence and impartiality critics have demanded?
Would Republicans benefit from starting impeachment hearings so they could end before 2018 midterm elections?
The president of Brazil, Michel Temer, has been caught asking for hush money in a leaked tape.The brazillian congress has opened a motion for Impeachment. This is the second potencial impeachment in over 2 years.What would be the future of Brazil going foward?
Why is healthcare argued as a right when food, clothing, and shelter typically are not?
Why does the U.S. need (or not need) racially-based affirmative action in college admissions?
Given the changing demographics of the electorate, should the Republican Party target the growing share of Asian voters in the long run instead of Hispanic voters?
The Washington Post reports that Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russian foreign minster last week. How will this effect U.S. intelligence operations and intelligence sharing operations?
Are the current checks and balances in the US government sufficient?
How will the Trump and establishment factions of the GOP resolve their differences in 2020?
What are some ways we can effectively safeguard against factionalism in government?
Is there room for a Macron type figure in the United States?
Compared to Congress, the vibe watching British Parliament in session is surreal. Have the two alsays been so different? Is one more productive than the other?
Why is Trump severely underwater with independent voters when he won them over Clinton in 2016?
Most people agree that Hillary Clinton lost the midwestern swing states because of her poor performance with white, working-class voters. Why did she lose the non-midwestern swing states (i.e. North Carolina, Florida, Arizona, Georgia)?
Should there be exceptions to the rule/law of "no double jeopardy" in cases where new and convincing evidence is found?
Should leadership positions in the World Bank, IMF, WTO, and other global financial institutions be directly and democratically elected?
Is the EU comparable to the US under the Articles of Confederation?
Are we likely to see more "celebrity politicians" in the future? Is that something we should be concerned about?
What political fallout would result from the Trump-Russia investigation closing with no major future indictments?
Can progressive populism win the rustbelt and midwest?
Should certain "apolitical" positions in the executive need Senate approval or good cause to fire?
Trump to Launch Panel to Investigate Voter Fraud: What Will Come of This?
What would Ossoff winning in GA-6 mean for Trump and the GOP's political capital going forward?
In 2018, the Dems may take the House but not the Senate. Could the Democratic House and a group of Dems/moderate Republican Senators form an effective governing coalition? How will Trump respond?
Opioid Crisis vs. Crack Epidemic
President Donald Trump has fired FBI Director James Comey
How elastic do you think the GOP is?
South Korean Presidential Election Megathread
How can the USA be improved?
US future in global affairs?
Why do political psychologists and political scientists have such different views on public opinion?
Should hospitals be more involved in opposing the AHCA?
Will it politically possible for the US to ban perscription drug and hospital advertising at the federal level? Would it bring down drug costs?
Should permanent resident non-citizens of a country be able to vote in that country's elections?
In France, Macron has decisively beaten Le Pen. In the US, what can Democrats take from Macron's playbook for the 2020 General Election?
What would happen to Republicans if the Obamacare repeal bill fails to make its way through Congress for a second time?
What reforms should be made to the US tax code?
Is there a need to address the potential racial biases in gerrymandering and the ways that gerrymandering might lead to the disenfranchisement of minority voters?
Will popular voting ever be in the United States future?
What will be the global impact of the 2017 French Presidential Election?
Emanuel Macron has just been elected the 8th President of France with 65.5% of the vote, beating far-right candidate Marine Le Pen. While right wing populism is a real phenomenon in Western democracies, do pure FPTP systems amplify these voices more than alternative voting systems?
May 7th French Runoff Election Megathread
Will the AHCA end up on President Trump's desk?
4-Hour Workday, 4-Day Week -- how much should we be working?
Will the 'liberal retreat' into cities eventually be a problem for the democrats?
Other countries with First Past the Post have influential third parties (The NDP, The Liberal Democrats). Why doesn't the US?
How much control should property owners have over nearby property they do not own?
Could the 2018 political climate be favorable to Trump and the GOP than many suspect?
AHCA Passes House 217-213
Will repealing provisions of the ACA actually lower insurance costs - for some?
Is self-preservation at the root of conservatism in the US?
How would the Republicans in the Senate react to a hypothetical demand from Trump to kill the legislative filibuster?
Should the US seek a re-alignment with the geopolitical interests of the Jordanians rather than the Saudi Arabians?
With En Marche!'s polling showing that it will supplant the Parti Socialiste in the French National Assembly, whats does the Parti socialiste if this eventuates?
Could non-religious non-profits exploit the upcoming reduction in enforcement of the Johnson Amendment?
May 4th UK Local Elections Megathread
Given the rising popularity of the Affordable Care Act and the continued struggles the Republican plan has faced, should Democrats be proposing their own fixes to the ACA?
The House just passed a new overtime bill.
The anti-Euro 5 Star Movement lead Italian polls for the election within the year. What would their victory and a #Italeave mean for Europe?
What would a Medicare-For-All (who want it), the "supercharged public option", look like?
Reforming EU parliament?
How might a potential primary challenge (from John Kasich or others) affect Trump in 2020?
How long will the legislative filibuster last?
Should Social Security and Disability Insurance have a flat Benefit?
Rumors of Justice Anthony Kennedy retiring are intensifying. If he does step down when the session ends in June, how will the politics of appointing and confirming his replacement play out?
A top Democratic political firm, Global Strategy Group, has come to the conclusion based on their group’s analysis that about 70 percent of Clinton’s failure to reach Obama’s vote total in 2012 was because of Obama-Trump voters. What does this mean for the Democratic Party moving forward?
Should congress have term limits?
Trump has split with the GOP concerning coverage for pre-existing conditions and minimum health requirements. What does this mean for the revised AHCA and what is the GOP's position on the future of healthcare in the United States?
Historically, does President Trump's undoing of Obama-era Executive Orders, regulations, and programs have precedent?
What are some policies the United States can entact to increase social mobility?
What does the Democratic Party need to do to convince voters they're not out of touch?
Do most Americans actually agree on abortion?
We know of successful and influential interest groups such as the N.R.A, are there any modern or old notable interest groups that have been unsuccessful or terrible in exerting influence?
The FCC has laid out plans to get rid of net neutrality, what are the potential consequences on American society and it's economy?
What explains the rise of right-wing nationalist movements in the West?
What Made you a Democrat?
What Made you an Independent?
The WH just released their tax plan.. Which one is the most/least likely to actually get passed?
What Made you a Republican?
Suppose that prostitution was legalized in the US. Should a prostitute be allowed to practice racial discrimination with regards to their clients?
How should Obama handle paid speeches?
How much power does the US federal government have over US states, compared to that of other federal governments over their states?
Rallying around the flag?
With the news that a judge has blocked President Trump's attempt at blocking federal funding for sanctuary cities, what limits exist today that would allow the federal government to successfully withhold federal funding from a city?
What would a NAFTA renegotiation involve? What would each country bring to the table and expect to take away?
What would be some immediate and long term consequences of the U.S. pulling out of NAFTA?
Trump has announced a massive tax reform plan. What will be the repercussions of it, and is it passable in today's political climate?
What would have to happen for the Democrats to pull an 'upset' and win big in the 2018 midterm elections?
What would happen if North Korea developed a missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon to the United States?
What will be the effects of Trump backing down on border wall funding?
In Ireland the Citizens Assembly has voted for a referendum to amend the ban on abortion, recommending sweeping liberalisation of law. Will abortion come to Ireland?
Does NATO need to exist in a post-Soviet world?
North Korea: Best case scenario, worst case scenario and/or most likely outcome?
What will Republican 2018 re-election campaigns/advertisements look like?
France picks their president via a top-2 runoff. What would be the effects of such a system in the United States?
Marine Le Pen has officially stepped down as leader of the National Front and will be running as an independent. Will this help or hurt her chase for the presidency?
What would be considered a good result for Marine Le Pen?
Will millenials usher in a political realignment in America? If yes, what will this look like?
Open carry vs. concealed carry: which is preferable?
Megathread: French Presidential Election
Should the opioid epidemic of the last two decades give pause to proponents of the legalization of hard drugs in the USA?
If the last abortion clinics were closed in states like Kentucky, what would be the fate of abortion rights in the United States?
If D.C. were to become a state, could the GOP create a new state to counteract D.C.'S two Democratic senators?
What would be the necessary steps for the United States to move away from a militarized interventionist foreign policy towards one more like that of Switzerland or Scandinavia?
How will more accessibility to Arctic resources due to climate change shape the future political landscape of nations of the Arctic circle?
Is the future of the Republican Party the same Reaganism paradigm that's defined it for over 3 decades now or is it Donald Trump's rhetoric from the 2016 campaign?
Does a parliamentary system, particularly in Europe, favour centrist politics?
When did US politics become so polarizing?
How will the Trump and establishment factions of the GOP resolve their differences in 2020?
What are some ways we can effectively safeguard against factionalism in government?
Is there room for a Macron type figure in the United States?
Compared to Congress, the vibe watching British Parliament in session is surreal. Have the two alsays been so different? Is one more productive than the other?
Why is Trump severely underwater with independent voters when he won them over Clinton in 2016?
Most people agree that Hillary Clinton lost the midwestern swing states because of her poor performance with white, working-class voters. Why did she lose the non-midwestern swing states (i.e. North Carolina, Florida, Arizona, Georgia)?
Should there be exceptions to the rule/law of "no double jeopardy" in cases where new and convincing evidence is found?
Should leadership positions in the World Bank, IMF, WTO, and other global financial institutions be directly and democratically elected?
Is the EU comparable to the US under the Articles of Confederation?
Are we likely to see more "celebrity politicians" in the future? Is that something we should be concerned about?
What political fallout would result from the Trump-Russia investigation closing with no major future indictments?
Can progressive populism win the rustbelt and midwest?
Should certain "apolitical" positions in the executive need Senate approval or good cause to fire?
Trump to Launch Panel to Investigate Voter Fraud: What Will Come of This?
What would Ossoff winning in GA-6 mean for Trump and the GOP's political capital going forward?
In 2018, the Dems may take the House but not the Senate. Could the Democratic House and a group of Dems/moderate Republican Senators form an effective governing coalition? How will Trump respond?
Opioid Crisis vs. Crack Epidemic
President Donald Trump has fired FBI Director James Comey
How elastic do you think the GOP is?
South Korean Presidential Election Megathread
How can the USA be improved?
US future in global affairs?
Why do political psychologists and political scientists have such different views on public opinion?
Should hospitals be more involved in opposing the AHCA?
Will it politically possible for the US to ban perscription drug and hospital advertising at the federal level? Would it bring down drug costs?
Should permanent resident non-citizens of a country be able to vote in that country's elections?
In France, Macron has decisively beaten Le Pen. In the US, what can Democrats take from Macron's playbook for the 2020 General Election?
What would happen to Republicans if the Obamacare repeal bill fails to make its way through Congress for a second time?
What reforms should be made to the US tax code?
Is there a need to address the potential racial biases in gerrymandering and the ways that gerrymandering might lead to the disenfranchisement of minority voters?
Will popular voting ever be in the United States future?
What will be the global impact of the 2017 French Presidential Election?
Emanuel Macron has just been elected the 8th President of France with 65.5% of the vote, beating far-right candidate Marine Le Pen. While right wing populism is a real phenomenon in Western democracies, do pure FPTP systems amplify these voices more than alternative voting systems?
May 7th French Runoff Election Megathread
Will the AHCA end up on President Trump's desk?
4-Hour Workday, 4-Day Week -- how much should we be working?
Will the 'liberal retreat' into cities eventually be a problem for the democrats?
Other countries with First Past the Post have influential third parties (The NDP, The Liberal Democrats). Why doesn't the US?
How much control should property owners have over nearby property they do not own?
Could the 2018 political climate be favorable to Trump and the GOP than many suspect?
AHCA Passes House 217-213
Will repealing provisions of the ACA actually lower insurance costs - for some?
Is self-preservation at the root of conservatism in the US?
How would the Republicans in the Senate react to a hypothetical demand from Trump to kill the legislative filibuster?
Should the US seek a re-alignment with the geopolitical interests of the Jordanians rather than the Saudi Arabians?
With En Marche!'s polling showing that it will supplant the Parti Socialiste in the French National Assembly, whats does the Parti socialiste if this eventuates?
Could non-religious non-profits exploit the upcoming reduction in enforcement of the Johnson Amendment?
May 4th UK Local Elections Megathread
Given the rising popularity of the Affordable Care Act and the continued struggles the Republican plan has faced, should Democrats be proposing their own fixes to the ACA?
The House just passed a new overtime bill.
The anti-Euro 5 Star Movement lead Italian polls for the election within the year. What would their victory and a #Italeave mean for Europe?
What would a Medicare-For-All (who want it), the "supercharged public option", look like?
Reforming EU parliament?
How might a potential primary challenge (from John Kasich or others) affect Trump in 2020?
How long will the legislative filibuster last?
Should Social Security and Disability Insurance have a flat Benefit?
Rumors of Justice Anthony Kennedy retiring are intensifying. If he does step down when the session ends in June, how will the politics of appointing and confirming his replacement play out?
A top Democratic political firm, Global Strategy Group, has come to the conclusion based on their group’s analysis that about 70 percent of Clinton’s failure to reach Obama’s vote total in 2012 was because of Obama-Trump voters. What does this mean for the Democratic Party moving forward?
Should congress have term limits?
Trump has split with the GOP concerning coverage for pre-existing conditions and minimum health requirements. What does this mean for the revised AHCA and what is the GOP's position on the future of healthcare in the United States?
Historically, does President Trump's undoing of Obama-era Executive Orders, regulations, and programs have precedent?
What are some policies the United States can entact to increase social mobility?
What does the Democratic Party need to do to convince voters they're not out of touch?
Do most Americans actually agree on abortion?
We know of successful and influential interest groups such as the N.R.A, are there any modern or old notable interest groups that have been unsuccessful or terrible in exerting influence?
The FCC has laid out plans to get rid of net neutrality, what are the potential consequences on American society and it's economy?
What explains the rise of right-wing nationalist movements in the West?
What Made you a Democrat?
What Made you an Independent?
The WH just released their tax plan.. Which one is the most/least likely to actually get passed?
What Made you a Republican?
Suppose that prostitution was legalized in the US. Should a prostitute be allowed to practice racial discrimination with regards to their clients?
How should Obama handle paid speeches?
How much power does the US federal government have over US states, compared to that of other federal governments over their states?
Rallying around the flag?
With the news that a judge has blocked President Trump's attempt at blocking federal funding for sanctuary cities, what limits exist today that would allow the federal government to successfully withhold federal funding from a city?
What would a NAFTA renegotiation involve? What would each country bring to the table and expect to take away?
What would be some immediate and long term consequences of the U.S. pulling out of NAFTA?
Trump has announced a massive tax reform plan. What will be the repercussions of it, and is it passable in today's political climate?
What would have to happen for the Democrats to pull an 'upset' and win big in the 2018 midterm elections?
What would happen if North Korea developed a missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon to the United States?
What will be the effects of Trump backing down on border wall funding?
In Ireland the Citizens Assembly has voted for a referendum to amend the ban on abortion, recommending sweeping liberalisation of law. Will abortion come to Ireland?
Does NATO need to exist in a post-Soviet world?
North Korea: Best case scenario, worst case scenario and/or most likely outcome?
What will Republican 2018 re-election campaigns/advertisements look like?
France picks their president via a top-2 runoff. What would be the effects of such a system in the United States?
Marine Le Pen has officially stepped down as leader of the National Front and will be running as an independent. Will this help or hurt her chase for the presidency?
What would be considered a good result for Marine Le Pen?
Will millenials usher in a political realignment in America? If yes, what will this look like?
Open carry vs. concealed carry: which is preferable?
Megathread: French Presidential Election
Should the opioid epidemic of the last two decades give pause to proponents of the legalization of hard drugs in the USA?
If the last abortion clinics were closed in states like Kentucky, what would be the fate of abortion rights in the United States?
If D.C. were to become a state, could the GOP create a new state to counteract D.C.'S two Democratic senators?
What would be the necessary steps for the United States to move away from a militarized interventionist foreign policy towards one more like that of Switzerland or Scandinavia?
How will more accessibility to Arctic resources due to climate change shape the future political landscape of nations of the Arctic circle?
Is the future of the Republican Party the same Reaganism paradigm that's defined it for over 3 decades now or is it Donald Trump's rhetoric from the 2016 campaign?
Does a parliamentary system, particularly in Europe, favour centrist politics?
When did US politics become so polarizing?
In reference to a potential federal government shutdown, what would be the political fallout? Which party would ultimately blamed for the shutdown, and could there be potential long term ramifications?
What does Trump's recent rise in approval ratings signify for the presidency moving forward?
What does the Venezuelan Crisis mean for the future of Socialism in the U.S.?
Would D.C. be better off as it's own state, or would it be better off as part of Maryland
What is the impact of governments apologizing for historical injustices?
Is Donald Trump on the path to becoming a more traditional Republican President? What would need to change for that to happen?
House OGR Chairman Jason Chaffetz announced he will not run for reelection in 2018. What are the implications of this decision? Who will succeed him?
Is there a need to address the potential racial bias in the Primaries and Caucuses?
What do you think the impact will be on the world economy if Venezuela files for bankruptcy?
John Ossoff, Democratic candidate for the highly watched GA-6 district election, has achieved 48% of the vote and will face the Republican front-runner in a runoff election. Given how much national attention this race drew, how can its results be interpreted for the upcoming 2018 elections?
What do the 2017 special elections say about Democratic chances in 2018?
New Jersey and Virginia have their gubernatorial elections in November. How do you think these races might play out, and what will their national significance be?
June 8th UK General Election
Will algorithmic and other computer assistance transform governance to the same degree as finance? What does that mean for Democracy?
What is the likelihood of Democrats tackling election reform after 2018?
Could the phenomenon that landed Trump into office also work for the Democratic party?
Turkish referendum megathread
What can a majority party in the US do to stave off swings towards the opposition (whether in midterms or during the next presidential election without an incumbent)?
Is either major US party more prone to foreign interventionist wars? Or is the American government as a whole simply warhawks?
What has fundamentally changed about the North Korea situation?
Should Democrats run in 2018 with a "Contract For America"
Canadian parliament just tabled a bill - widely expected to pass - legalizing recreational marijuana use. What will this mean for legalization advocates worldwide? How will this affect the war on drugs?
Is this Trump's plan to "bring back manufacturing jobs?"
What if Roe v. Wade (1973) were struck down?
What is the American left's stance on illegal immigration enforcement?
California is attempting to move their primary date up to 3rd place behind Iowa and New Hampshire. Will California be successful in this endeavor and could this set a trend for other states?
How should the Democratic party speak to the anti-abortion single issue voters, if at all?
King Abdullah of Jordan: "If we can solve the Palestinian problem, then this is a new era of stability in our area, where Israelis are truly a part of the neighborhood." With Trump's push for Israeli-Palestinian negotiations, do you think that a regional peace agreement with Israel is possible?
West Virginia voted for the Democratic nominee 14/17 times (82%) from 1932-1996. Why is it now one of reddest states in the country? What can Democrats do to become competitive again at the presidential level in West Virginia?
Should the respective house and senate intelligence agencies be given more power to declassify information?
Susan Collins is eyeing a run for Governor of Maine. If she does run, what are her chances of winning? Who might succeed her in the Senate?
Bernie Sanders has announced he is touring the US again, what are the chances he runs again and if he does, can he win the democratic primary?
Are we due to see another firearm case in the Supreme court? and if so how will it rule?
Can both Democracy and Authoritarianism combine and create a stable political system?
Robert Bentley has just resigned as Governor of Alabama after it was revealed he misused state and campaign funds to conceal an extramarital affair. How does this affect the gubernatorial race in 2018?
Is there a better form of government than democracy?
What political districts can the fewest amount Democrats relocate to make the most difference?
Now that Neil Gorsuch has been confirmed and seated on the Supreme Court, are there any cases the Republicans have been waiting to send to the Supreme Court?
Who are some viable candidates to succeed Dianne Feinstein in the Senate in 2018?
What is Adam Schiff's future?
How will the fallout from the Gorsuch nomination and any other Trump nominations impact the Supreme Court and politics of the future?
Could raising taxes for a set amount of time work to pay off national debt?
What would a Democratic win in Kansas' 4th District mean for their midterm prospects?
Theoretically, could the government implement a middle-ground policy on abortion by expanding access to contraceptives and abortion restrctions, and would it actually work?
What will be the lasting social impact of the so-called "Retail Apocalypse?"
The issue of foreign intervention
What are the differences between the Trump/Modern day right's criticism of the media and someone like Noam Chomsky's?
The Arc of Western Nationalist Populism and the Finnish Municipial Elections
Would the loss of the Alt-Right, and subsequent pivot towards the center, actually hurt Trump?
Do you think that Democrats need to do more to make a distinction between liberal politics and liberal culture?
What regulations do you think both parties, or people across the political spectrum, can agree to roll back or eliminate entirely?
In a republic, do you believe the detrimental effects of partisanship and/or exploitation of the political structure for personal gain can ever be overcome, or does the atmosphere change irreversibly?
What would a President Melenchon of France mean for the world?
Just how much political power and influence do single-issue voters wield? Which issues in particular seem to stand out the most amongst them?
Neil Gorsuch was confirmed to the Supreme Court, replacing Antonin Scalia. What is his jurisprudence, and how can we expect him to rule in key cases?
What do you think is the best term structure for the U.S. presidency?
Should Supreme Court Justices be term limited?
What are alternatives to high rent or rent control?
The National Security Council has provided Trump a several options to the North Korea question, including killing Kim Jong-Un and placing nukes in South Korea. Which of the presented options do you think would be most effective and what do you expect Trump will do?
What is an alternative, more peaceful method for solving the Syrian crisis?
The United States has carried out an airstrike against the Syrian military. What could this mean for American foreign policy moving forward?
In the coming years, how might the Republican Party attract minority voters?
How does the American political system move back towards actual bipartisanship in the current political climate?
Infrastructure spending and Davis-Bacon
What are the ramifications of the GOP going with the Nuclear option?
Fundamentally, how stable is democracy in the US?
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes recuses himself from Russia probe
What would the ramifications of ending first past the post on Primaries only be?
The intelligence agencies are investigating Trump-Russia ties... so what?
President Trump has removed advisor Steve Bannon from the National Security Council. How will this affect the administration going forward?
At a press conference today Trump stated 'I now have responsibility' when it comes to Syria and the chemical attack against Syrian civilians "crossed a lot of lines for me". What will this mean in terms of American involvement in the Syrian War and in geopolitics in the region?
Bernie Sanders, despite his age, is leading just about every poll he's placed in [Potential run in 2020]
The 7th Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that the Civil Rights Act prohibits anti-gay discrimination. What are the likely consequences of this decision?
President Communication
What are some of the "big ticket" cases coming to the Supreme Court that Gorsuch (assuming he's confirmed) would rule on early in his tenure? Could any of the issues he'll rule on early impact Democrats/Republicans calculus in the filibuster/nuclear option debate?
Do you think that 60 vote thresholds in the senate should be amended to the constitution?
What are the Pros and Cons of the "College For All" Act?
Can states enact internet privacy laws to counteract S.J. Res. 34?
Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer has announced that he has enough votes to filibuster Judge Gorsuch's nomination indefinitely
What are some worthwhile liberal (or left leaning) social theorists, ideologues, activists or speakers?
Do you think we're headed for a "Great Reset" or "Crisis" and what might that involve?
Bernie Sanders has endorsed Tom Perriello for Virginia governor, in the Democratic primary against Ralph Northam. Can he upset the current Lieutenant governor in his bid for the governorship?
Sessions instructs DOJ to review police reform pacts. Will Obama-era investigations and consent decrees survive, and what will reform look like under Trump admin?
Are we in the midst of a second Gilded Age?
How will the recent chemical weapons attacks in Syria change the Trump administration's approach to fighting ISIS/relationship with Assad?
Is the Legislative filibuster in danger?
How should governments in the Western developed world deal with the issue of corporate tax evasion?
What would happen if the U.S. military was converted into a Self-Defense Force like Japan's?
The Senate voted last week to repeal Labor Department rules making it easier for cities to provide government-run retirement plans to private-sector employees without workplace plans. What would be the effects of such a change?
Trump plans to bring back the National Space Council. What impact will this have on NASA and space exploration?
How should the Socialist Party of France rebuild after the French elections
Should England have a devolved government, the same way, Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland do?
Who are Washington's most powerful, least famous people?
What to think about Venezuela's Supreme Court move to take legislative powers away from the National Assembly for contempt of constitution?
With Anthem looking to pull out of the ACA by 2018, what does that mean for the future of healthcare?
If Rubio/Kasich/Cruz had won the Republican primary, how would they have fared against Clinton in the general? Would they have been able to turn the Midwest like Trump did?
April protest burnout: Are Democrats sapping their supporters?
The WSJ is reporting that Michael Flynn has offered to testify in exchange for immunity
Trump has openly vowed to fight the Freedom Caucus in the 2018 elections. How will this affect legislation proposals and ultimately the next election?
Will Donald Trump have a serious primary challenger in 2020?
In reference to a potential federal government shutdown, what would be the political fallout? Which party would ultimately blamed for the shutdown, and could there be potential long term ramifications?
What does Trump's recent rise in approval ratings signify for the presidency moving forward?
What does the Venezuelan Crisis mean for the future of Socialism in the U.S.?
Would D.C. be better off as it's own state, or would it be better off as part of Maryland
What is the impact of governments apologizing for historical injustices?
Is Donald Trump on the path to becoming a more traditional Republican President? What would need to change for that to happen?
House OGR Chairman Jason Chaffetz announced he will not run for reelection in 2018. What are the implications of this decision? Who will succeed him?
Is there a need to address the potential racial bias in the Primaries and Caucuses?
What do you think the impact will be on the world economy if Venezuela files for bankruptcy?
John Ossoff, Democratic candidate for the highly watched GA-6 district election, has achieved 48% of the vote and will face the Republican front-runner in a runoff election. Given how much national attention this race drew, how can its results be interpreted for the upcoming 2018 elections?
What do the 2017 special elections say about Democratic chances in 2018?
New Jersey and Virginia have their gubernatorial elections in November. How do you think these races might play out, and what will their national significance be?
June 8th UK General Election
Will algorithmic and other computer assistance transform governance to the same degree as finance? What does that mean for Democracy?
What is the likelihood of Democrats tackling election reform after 2018?
Could the phenomenon that landed Trump into office also work for the Democratic party?
Turkish referendum megathread
What can a majority party in the US do to stave off swings towards the opposition (whether in midterms or during the next presidential election without an incumbent)?
Is either major US party more prone to foreign interventionist wars? Or is the American government as a whole simply warhawks?
What has fundamentally changed about the North Korea situation?
Should Democrats run in 2018 with a "Contract For America"
Canadian parliament just tabled a bill - widely expected to pass - legalizing recreational marijuana use. What will this mean for legalization advocates worldwide? How will this affect the war on drugs?
Is this Trump's plan to "bring back manufacturing jobs?"
What if Roe v. Wade (1973) were struck down?
What is the American left's stance on illegal immigration enforcement?
California is attempting to move their primary date up to 3rd place behind Iowa and New Hampshire. Will California be successful in this endeavor and could this set a trend for other states?
How should the Democratic party speak to the anti-abortion single issue voters, if at all?
King Abdullah of Jordan: "If we can solve the Palestinian problem, then this is a new era of stability in our area, where Israelis are truly a part of the neighborhood." With Trump's push for Israeli-Palestinian negotiations, do you think that a regional peace agreement with Israel is possible?
West Virginia voted for the Democratic nominee 14/17 times (82%) from 1932-1996. Why is it now one of reddest states in the country? What can Democrats do to become competitive again at the presidential level in West Virginia?
Should the respective house and senate intelligence agencies be given more power to declassify information?
Susan Collins is eyeing a run for Governor of Maine. If she does run, what are her chances of winning? Who might succeed her in the Senate?
Bernie Sanders has announced he is touring the US again, what are the chances he runs again and if he does, can he win the democratic primary?
Are we due to see another firearm case in the Supreme court? and if so how will it rule?
Can both Democracy and Authoritarianism combine and create a stable political system?
Robert Bentley has just resigned as Governor of Alabama after it was revealed he misused state and campaign funds to conceal an extramarital affair. How does this affect the gubernatorial race in 2018?
Is there a better form of government than democracy?
What political districts can the fewest amount Democrats relocate to make the most difference?
Now that Neil Gorsuch has been confirmed and seated on the Supreme Court, are there any cases the Republicans have been waiting to send to the Supreme Court?
Who are some viable candidates to succeed Dianne Feinstein in the Senate in 2018?
What is Adam Schiff's future?
How will the fallout from the Gorsuch nomination and any other Trump nominations impact the Supreme Court and politics of the future?
Could raising taxes for a set amount of time work to pay off national debt?
What would a Democratic win in Kansas' 4th District mean for their midterm prospects?
Theoretically, could the government implement a middle-ground policy on abortion by expanding access to contraceptives and abortion restrctions, and would it actually work?
What will be the lasting social impact of the so-called "Retail Apocalypse?"
The issue of foreign intervention
What are the differences between the Trump/Modern day right's criticism of the media and someone like Noam Chomsky's?
The Arc of Western Nationalist Populism and the Finnish Municipial Elections
Would the loss of the Alt-Right, and subsequent pivot towards the center, actually hurt Trump?
Do you think that Democrats need to do more to make a distinction between liberal politics and liberal culture?
What regulations do you think both parties, or people across the political spectrum, can agree to roll back or eliminate entirely?
In a republic, do you believe the detrimental effects of partisanship and/or exploitation of the political structure for personal gain can ever be overcome, or does the atmosphere change irreversibly?
What would a President Melenchon of France mean for the world?
Just how much political power and influence do single-issue voters wield? Which issues in particular seem to stand out the most amongst them?
Neil Gorsuch was confirmed to the Supreme Court, replacing Antonin Scalia. What is his jurisprudence, and how can we expect him to rule in key cases?
What do you think is the best term structure for the U.S. presidency?
Should Supreme Court Justices be term limited?
What are alternatives to high rent or rent control?
The National Security Council has provided Trump a several options to the North Korea question, including killing Kim Jong-Un and placing nukes in South Korea. Which of the presented options do you think would be most effective and what do you expect Trump will do?
What is an alternative, more peaceful method for solving the Syrian crisis?
The United States has carried out an airstrike against the Syrian military. What could this mean for American foreign policy moving forward?
In the coming years, how might the Republican Party attract minority voters?
How does the American political system move back towards actual bipartisanship in the current political climate?
Infrastructure spending and Davis-Bacon
What are the ramifications of the GOP going with the Nuclear option?
Fundamentally, how stable is democracy in the US?
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes recuses himself from Russia probe
What would the ramifications of ending first past the post on Primaries only be?
The intelligence agencies are investigating Trump-Russia ties... so what?
President Trump has removed advisor Steve Bannon from the National Security Council. How will this affect the administration going forward?
At a press conference today Trump stated 'I now have responsibility' when it comes to Syria and the chemical attack against Syrian civilians "crossed a lot of lines for me". What will this mean in terms of American involvement in the Syrian War and in geopolitics in the region?
Bernie Sanders, despite his age, is leading just about every poll he's placed in [Potential run in 2020]
The 7th Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that the Civil Rights Act prohibits anti-gay discrimination. What are the likely consequences of this decision?
President Communication
What are some of the "big ticket" cases coming to the Supreme Court that Gorsuch (assuming he's confirmed) would rule on early in his tenure? Could any of the issues he'll rule on early impact Democrats/Republicans calculus in the filibuster/nuclear option debate?
Do you think that 60 vote thresholds in the senate should be amended to the constitution?
What are the Pros and Cons of the "College For All" Act?
Can states enact internet privacy laws to counteract S.J. Res. 34?
Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer has announced that he has enough votes to filibuster Judge Gorsuch's nomination indefinitely
What are some worthwhile liberal (or left leaning) social theorists, ideologues, activists or speakers?
Do you think we're headed for a "Great Reset" or "Crisis" and what might that involve?
Bernie Sanders has endorsed Tom Perriello for Virginia governor, in the Democratic primary against Ralph Northam. Can he upset the current Lieutenant governor in his bid for the governorship?
Sessions instructs DOJ to review police reform pacts. Will Obama-era investigations and consent decrees survive, and what will reform look like under Trump admin?
Are we in the midst of a second Gilded Age?
How will the recent chemical weapons attacks in Syria change the Trump administration's approach to fighting ISIS/relationship with Assad?
Is the Legislative filibuster in danger?
How should governments in the Western developed world deal with the issue of corporate tax evasion?
What would happen if the U.S. military was converted into a Self-Defense Force like Japan's?
The Senate voted last week to repeal Labor Department rules making it easier for cities to provide government-run retirement plans to private-sector employees without workplace plans. What would be the effects of such a change?
Trump plans to bring back the National Space Council. What impact will this have on NASA and space exploration?
How should the Socialist Party of France rebuild after the French elections
Should England have a devolved government, the same way, Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland do?
Who are Washington's most powerful, least famous people?
What to think about Venezuela's Supreme Court move to take legislative powers away from the National Assembly for contempt of constitution?
With Anthem looking to pull out of the ACA by 2018, what does that mean for the future of healthcare?
If Rubio/Kasich/Cruz had won the Republican primary, how would they have fared against Clinton in the general? Would they have been able to turn the Midwest like Trump did?
April protest burnout: Are Democrats sapping their supporters?
The WSJ is reporting that Michael Flynn has offered to testify in exchange for immunity
Trump has openly vowed to fight the Freedom Caucus in the 2018 elections. How will this affect legislation proposals and ultimately the next election?
Will Donald Trump have a serious primary challenger in 2020?
What Will be the Effects of Trump Rolling Back Obama-era Climate Regulations?
The European Union Parliament has passed new, stricter gun control regulations which will apply to all it's member-states in response to the November, 2015 terror attacks in Paris. How effective will these new regulations be and how will each EU-member country respond to them?
How accurate are Presidential approval ratings polls?
Are political movements in the US (i.e. BLM, Women's March, Occupy) less effective due to a lack of prominent leadership?
Should welfare recipients be tested for drugs?
Is it commonplace for a head of state officially visiting the US to be entertained in a privately owned venue, open to the public, and what would happen if that visiting dignitary were injured or killed while there?
How well or poorly would you say the United Kingdom has adjusted to no longer being a principal world power?
What are the "core values" of liberals and conservatives in today's political climate, and why are they so different and seemingly always at odds?
Sen. John McCain threatened to shutdown the government over military spending on the continuing resolution. Is a government shutdown likely? Will there be other factors involved or will military spending drive it? Why the focus on military spending all of a sudden?
The House Intelligence Committee meetings have been cancelled in the midst of the Trump-Russia investigation due to a tense back-and-forth over Mr. Nunes' decision to cancel a public hearing set for Tuesday. Where does the Trump-Russia investigation go from here?
In the event that Nunes and the GOP stonewall an investigation into Trump-Russia collaboration, what impact could a flipped congress have after 2018?
Congress just voted to block Obama-era FCC regulations that would have required ISPs to get consent before selling their customers data. Why was the vote so strictly partisan? Since a lot of conservatives also care about Internet privacy, isn't this a risky move by the Republicans?
What is Martin O'Malley's political future?
Democratic Committee Chairman Perez has asked for the resignation of all DNC staffers. Is this indicative of major strategic and/or ideological changes occurring within the DNC?
Does the fact that the Scottish Parliament voted to support a second independence referendum put increased pressure on Theresa May to hold the referendum before Brexit is complete?
Trump has taken heat for the Mosul airstrike that killed 200+ civilians. But what role did his administration play in the strike? Did the Trump administration directly alter the strategy of the Mosul offensive, which was already under way at the time of his inauguration?
The GOP has announced its intention to challenge incumbent Democrat Attorneys General, abandoning a policy of relative neutrality respected by both parties. What effects could the polarization of this position have on state justice systems?
With the AHCA failing to get the needed votes, can the government effectively sabotage the ACA instead?
The Senate approved a cloture motion regarding Montenegro's accession to NATO. What does this mean for Trump's "bills"?
Could Republican pushes for less regulation and taxes be a symptom for job loss due to automation?
Several states and cities are facing multi-billion dollar shortfalls in the pensions they promised to public sector retirees. How will this be resolved, and what will the consequences be?
How much is Paul Ryan to blame for AHCA and will pressure from Trump have any effect?
Is there an argument for federal weapon safety courses.
Will a United Ireland ever happen?
Do the current divides within both parties leave open the possibility for more 3rd party candidates to win in 2018 and/or 2020?
Will the Republicans be able to pass short term tax cuts?
Would it ever be possible in the future to amend the 13th amendment to the constitution of the United States in order to abolish slavery in all circumstances?
What improvements can be introduced to the ACA to help make healthcare better?
Would a social Democrat platform a la Sanders be more successful electorally in America if it emphasized Christian underpinnings of helping the less fortunate?
How was Nancy Pelosi's tenure as Speaker of the House like, compared to John Boehner's and now Paul Ryan's?
The GOP just revoked the ACHA bill. What long term consequences does this have?
What are the constraints on the GOP's tax reform agenda?
What are the chances that an imminent political realignment leads to 3 parties in the US?
GOP Senators voted to lift privacy rules that prevent ISP's from selling customer browsing history
Is the United States due for a major political realignment soon?
Senate Minority Leader Schumer says Democrats will filibuster Gorsuch's nomination
The House of Representatives has delayed its vote on the AHCA. What impact will this have on Trump, Paul Ryan, and the GOP as a whole?
How can the GOP deal with its infighting?
Is it reasonable to suspect that Paul Ryan will be President someday?
Is there any precedent for Devin Nunes' unusual press conference?
For Democrats, is it politically better for AHCA to fail or pass?
Will Trump/Republicans get a second chance at heathcare?
Are we able to predict yet what political stance Generation Z (currently in Middle-High School) will mainly take?
Does Gorsuch "favor giant companies", as Sen. Warren claims? Is that a meaningful criterion, and is it an effective political attack?
How concerned should we about the multiple foreign policy situations escalating right now? Will there be a point when deescalation is not a viable option?
Should the Universal Basic Income be implemented in the United States?
Is the Ginsburg Standard an impediment or an aid in the construction of a fair Supreme Court?
How do Supreme Court originalists account for the passage of time, and progress of technologies that the founding fathers weren't aware of, or couldn't have calculated?
What is the future of the union movement in the US? Will we ever see the type of large-scale union membership that we have seen in the middle of the 20th Century?
What would you like to see elected officials doing to be more responsive to voters once their in office?
With major changes announced to the AHCA, will this increase it's chances of passage
Judge Neil Gorsuch promised to remember the “modest station we judges are meant to occupy in a democracy”. What role should the Judicial Branch have in a three-branch system?
Let’s talk Mexican Politics: Does AMLO have a chance?
What entitlement reforms (if any) are needed in the United States?
Trump's approval rating has hit a new low. How important are approval ratings and what does this mean for the Trump administration?
Is an Iran-style nuclear deal with North Korea the best option remaining for the United States?
Does Political Capital exist, and how much of an influence does it play in policy making?
Do you support the idea that most public services should be funded at the state, not federal level?
With its repeal looming but approval hotly divided, will the ACA go down in history as a success or a failure?
Won't people donating money to community programs that have had their funding cut make it less likely that those programs will receive proper government funding in the future?
Nicola Sturgeon called for a second Scottish independence referendum, but Theresa May rejected such an action until the UK leaves the EU. What are the potential implications?
Single-payer has gained significant political traction in CA lately. Is it feasible from a policy standpoint?
In 1972, progressive Democrat Edwin Edwards became governor of Louisiana. Is it still possible for left-wing candidates to win in the South? Why or why not?
Are Democrats in a Lose-Lose Position?
Rex Tillerson has stated that a freeze of the North Korean nuclear weapons program is not enough and warned of pre-emptive action.
Is the judiciary's skepticism of Trump dangerous to the balance of power in American? Could it lead to a constitutional crisis?
With nearly half the states trying to introduce some sort of requirement for Presidential candidates to provide tax returns, will any actually be able to pass?
What kind of an effect has the Trump administration's start had on populist movements and parties across the world?
Puerto Rico is holding a political status referendum in June. What will be the effects of this vote for the U.S. and Puerto Rico?
President Trump is proposing budget cuts to almost all of our domestic policy agencies, including the EPA, Agriculture Department, and Labor. How does this reflect his "America First" strategy, and if it doesn't, how might this affect his voter and support base?
What are some works of literary merit on the subject of the ideas of "Liberty" and "Democracy" in the Western(Europe, America,etc.) world?
Should Congressmen be Paid the National Average?
Trump's second attempt at a Muslim ban has been frozen by a Federal judge; what are the implications of his ruling?
Let's talk about a Congressional action rarely seen or discussed: the censure
Would it be feasible for the US to lower military spending and remove itself from foreign conflicts?
Why are Donal Trump and some of his supporters still focusing on Hillary Clinton? Is this normal after presidential elections or is it specific to Trump/Clinton?
John McCain has accused Rand Paul of "working for Putin" because he voted against Montenegro joining NATO. What's the history of US Senators blocking NATO membership?
The AP has reported that student loan default rates have increased by 17% last year. What does this entail for the future of student loans and the economy as a whole?
Dutch Election Megathread
What makes a President unpopular?
Why do former Presidents quit government after their term(s)? What is stopping them from becoming a Senator/Governor/Representative like they were before they were elected?
Who have been our most successful Federal Reserve Chairperson?
Is the electoral map forever changed after the 2016 election?
Are racist statements and other offensive and demeaning language no longer disqualifying for political candidates?
Donald Trump's tax returns from 2005 were just partially released. What are the implications of its contents?
In 2000, George W. Bush received 46%-47% of 18-29 year old voters. In 2016, Donald J. Trump only received 37%. What can and should the GOP do in future elections to win more of the youth vote?
Is the contemporary European equivalent to the GOP the center right Les Republicans and the Christian Democrats? Or are they more similar to the National Populist parties, such as the Front Nationale and the Danish People's Party?
The CBO just released their report about the costs of the American Health Care Act indicating that 14 million people will lose coverage by 2018
Is a public option, or single-payer healthcare in the United States a feasible political reality? Or is it a nonstarter for the near future.
Does Paul Ryan really want this healthcare bill passed as-is, or are we just seeing the first act in a bit of political theatre?
What is the U.S. legislative history behind why a married couple can only deduct half as much for student loan interest than can two single persons filing separately? Was there much push back at the time? have politicians offered plans to fix it? Etc
What are the implications of Trump's most recent executive order?
What would criminal justice reform look like in this country?
What would a bipartisan Obamacare "fix" bill look like?
Should the Supreme Court be allowed to issue advisory opinions?
What happens if the AHCA's 30% surcharge on lapse in coverage is overruled in court?
Why do pro-immigration arguments and messaging campaigns (in the US) tend to focus on preventing laws from being enforced, rather than changing/abolishing the laws themselves?
According to a recent Pew Poll, Republicans see "news organizations being able to criticize political leaders" as a lot less essential to a democracy than Democrats. Why is this?
Trump has claimed that "letting Obamacare implode" is an option. What is the future of the ACA if no repeal is passed?
How should we draw congressional districts? What should a congressional district represent?
What Will be the Effects of Trump Rolling Back Obama-era Climate Regulations?
The European Union Parliament has passed new, stricter gun control regulations which will apply to all it's member-states in response to the November, 2015 terror attacks in Paris. How effective will these new regulations be and how will each EU-member country respond to them?
How accurate are Presidential approval ratings polls?
Are political movements in the US (i.e. BLM, Women's March, Occupy) less effective due to a lack of prominent leadership?
Should welfare recipients be tested for drugs?
Is it commonplace for a head of state officially visiting the US to be entertained in a privately owned venue, open to the public, and what would happen if that visiting dignitary were injured or killed while there?
How well or poorly would you say the United Kingdom has adjusted to no longer being a principal world power?
What are the "core values" of liberals and conservatives in today's political climate, and why are they so different and seemingly always at odds?
Sen. John McCain threatened to shutdown the government over military spending on the continuing resolution. Is a government shutdown likely? Will there be other factors involved or will military spending drive it? Why the focus on military spending all of a sudden?
The House Intelligence Committee meetings have been cancelled in the midst of the Trump-Russia investigation due to a tense back-and-forth over Mr. Nunes' decision to cancel a public hearing set for Tuesday. Where does the Trump-Russia investigation go from here?
In the event that Nunes and the GOP stonewall an investigation into Trump-Russia collaboration, what impact could a flipped congress have after 2018?
Congress just voted to block Obama-era FCC regulations that would have required ISPs to get consent before selling their customers data. Why was the vote so strictly partisan? Since a lot of conservatives also care about Internet privacy, isn't this a risky move by the Republicans?
What is Martin O'Malley's political future?
Democratic Committee Chairman Perez has asked for the resignation of all DNC staffers. Is this indicative of major strategic and/or ideological changes occurring within the DNC?
Does the fact that the Scottish Parliament voted to support a second independence referendum put increased pressure on Theresa May to hold the referendum before Brexit is complete?
Trump has taken heat for the Mosul airstrike that killed 200+ civilians. But what role did his administration play in the strike? Did the Trump administration directly alter the strategy of the Mosul offensive, which was already under way at the time of his inauguration?
The GOP has announced its intention to challenge incumbent Democrat Attorneys General, abandoning a policy of relative neutrality respected by both parties. What effects could the polarization of this position have on state justice systems?
With the AHCA failing to get the needed votes, can the government effectively sabotage the ACA instead?
The Senate approved a cloture motion regarding Montenegro's accession to NATO. What does this mean for Trump's "bills"?
Could Republican pushes for less regulation and taxes be a symptom for job loss due to automation?
Several states and cities are facing multi-billion dollar shortfalls in the pensions they promised to public sector retirees. How will this be resolved, and what will the consequences be?
How much is Paul Ryan to blame for AHCA and will pressure from Trump have any effect?
Is there an argument for federal weapon safety courses.
Will a United Ireland ever happen?
Do the current divides within both parties leave open the possibility for more 3rd party candidates to win in 2018 and/or 2020?
Will the Republicans be able to pass short term tax cuts?
Would it ever be possible in the future to amend the 13th amendment to the constitution of the United States in order to abolish slavery in all circumstances?
What improvements can be introduced to the ACA to help make healthcare better?
Would a social Democrat platform a la Sanders be more successful electorally in America if it emphasized Christian underpinnings of helping the less fortunate?
How was Nancy Pelosi's tenure as Speaker of the House like, compared to John Boehner's and now Paul Ryan's?
The GOP just revoked the ACHA bill. What long term consequences does this have?
What are the constraints on the GOP's tax reform agenda?
What are the chances that an imminent political realignment leads to 3 parties in the US?
GOP Senators voted to lift privacy rules that prevent ISP's from selling customer browsing history
Is the United States due for a major political realignment soon?
Senate Minority Leader Schumer says Democrats will filibuster Gorsuch's nomination
The House of Representatives has delayed its vote on the AHCA. What impact will this have on Trump, Paul Ryan, and the GOP as a whole?
How can the GOP deal with its infighting?
Is it reasonable to suspect that Paul Ryan will be President someday?
Is there any precedent for Devin Nunes' unusual press conference?
For Democrats, is it politically better for AHCA to fail or pass?
Will Trump/Republicans get a second chance at heathcare?
Are we able to predict yet what political stance Generation Z (currently in Middle-High School) will mainly take?
Does Gorsuch "favor giant companies", as Sen. Warren claims? Is that a meaningful criterion, and is it an effective political attack?
How concerned should we about the multiple foreign policy situations escalating right now? Will there be a point when deescalation is not a viable option?
Should the Universal Basic Income be implemented in the United States?
Is the Ginsburg Standard an impediment or an aid in the construction of a fair Supreme Court?
How do Supreme Court originalists account for the passage of time, and progress of technologies that the founding fathers weren't aware of, or couldn't have calculated?
What is the future of the union movement in the US? Will we ever see the type of large-scale union membership that we have seen in the middle of the 20th Century?
What would you like to see elected officials doing to be more responsive to voters once their in office?
With major changes announced to the AHCA, will this increase it's chances of passage
Judge Neil Gorsuch promised to remember the “modest station we judges are meant to occupy in a democracy”. What role should the Judicial Branch have in a three-branch system?
Let’s talk Mexican Politics: Does AMLO have a chance?
What entitlement reforms (if any) are needed in the United States?
Trump's approval rating has hit a new low. How important are approval ratings and what does this mean for the Trump administration?
Is an Iran-style nuclear deal with North Korea the best option remaining for the United States?
Does Political Capital exist, and how much of an influence does it play in policy making?
Do you support the idea that most public services should be funded at the state, not federal level?
With its repeal looming but approval hotly divided, will the ACA go down in history as a success or a failure?
Won't people donating money to community programs that have had their funding cut make it less likely that those programs will receive proper government funding in the future?
Nicola Sturgeon called for a second Scottish independence referendum, but Theresa May rejected such an action until the UK leaves the EU. What are the potential implications?
Single-payer has gained significant political traction in CA lately. Is it feasible from a policy standpoint?
In 1972, progressive Democrat Edwin Edwards became governor of Louisiana. Is it still possible for left-wing candidates to win in the South? Why or why not?
Are Democrats in a Lose-Lose Position?
Rex Tillerson has stated that a freeze of the North Korean nuclear weapons program is not enough and warned of pre-emptive action.
Is the judiciary's skepticism of Trump dangerous to the balance of power in American? Could it lead to a constitutional crisis?
With nearly half the states trying to introduce some sort of requirement for Presidential candidates to provide tax returns, will any actually be able to pass?
What kind of an effect has the Trump administration's start had on populist movements and parties across the world?
Puerto Rico is holding a political status referendum in June. What will be the effects of this vote for the U.S. and Puerto Rico?
President Trump is proposing budget cuts to almost all of our domestic policy agencies, including the EPA, Agriculture Department, and Labor. How does this reflect his "America First" strategy, and if it doesn't, how might this affect his voter and support base?
What are some works of literary merit on the subject of the ideas of "Liberty" and "Democracy" in the Western(Europe, America,etc.) world?
Should Congressmen be Paid the National Average?
Trump's second attempt at a Muslim ban has been frozen by a Federal judge; what are the implications of his ruling?
Let's talk about a Congressional action rarely seen or discussed: the censure
Would it be feasible for the US to lower military spending and remove itself from foreign conflicts?
Why are Donal Trump and some of his supporters still focusing on Hillary Clinton? Is this normal after presidential elections or is it specific to Trump/Clinton?
John McCain has accused Rand Paul of "working for Putin" because he voted against Montenegro joining NATO. What's the history of US Senators blocking NATO membership?
The AP has reported that student loan default rates have increased by 17% last year. What does this entail for the future of student loans and the economy as a whole?
Dutch Election Megathread
What makes a President unpopular?
Why do former Presidents quit government after their term(s)? What is stopping them from becoming a Senator/Governor/Representative like they were before they were elected?
Who have been our most successful Federal Reserve Chairperson?
Is the electoral map forever changed after the 2016 election?
Are racist statements and other offensive and demeaning language no longer disqualifying for political candidates?
Donald Trump's tax returns from 2005 were just partially released. What are the implications of its contents?
In 2000, George W. Bush received 46%-47% of 18-29 year old voters. In 2016, Donald J. Trump only received 37%. What can and should the GOP do in future elections to win more of the youth vote?
Is the contemporary European equivalent to the GOP the center right Les Republicans and the Christian Democrats? Or are they more similar to the National Populist parties, such as the Front Nationale and the Danish People's Party?
The CBO just released their report about the costs of the American Health Care Act indicating that 14 million people will lose coverage by 2018
Is a public option, or single-payer healthcare in the United States a feasible political reality? Or is it a nonstarter for the near future.
Does Paul Ryan really want this healthcare bill passed as-is, or are we just seeing the first act in a bit of political theatre?
What is the U.S. legislative history behind why a married couple can only deduct half as much for student loan interest than can two single persons filing separately? Was there much push back at the time? have politicians offered plans to fix it? Etc
What are the implications of Trump's most recent executive order?
What would criminal justice reform look like in this country?
What would a bipartisan Obamacare "fix" bill look like?
Should the Supreme Court be allowed to issue advisory opinions?
What happens if the AHCA's 30% surcharge on lapse in coverage is overruled in court?
Why do pro-immigration arguments and messaging campaigns (in the US) tend to focus on preventing laws from being enforced, rather than changing/abolishing the laws themselves?
According to a recent Pew Poll, Republicans see "news organizations being able to criticize political leaders" as a lot less essential to a democracy than Democrats. Why is this?
Trump has claimed that "letting Obamacare implode" is an option. What is the future of the ACA if no repeal is passed?
How should we draw congressional districts? What should a congressional district represent?
Is it time to put term limits on Congress?
What are the merits of identity politics?
Is the Fairness Doctrine constitutional? How has its removal affected American politics since 1987?
HR 1313, Preserving Employee Wellness Programs Act, could allow employers to impose penalties of up to 30 percent of the total cost of the employee's health insurance on those who decline genetic testing. If passed, how will this bill affect employees who do have genetic disorders?
What should Republicans do to maintain their control of the Government come 2018, and 2020? Some issues are set in stone with their voter base (Abortion, Gun Rights) but others aren't as unchangeable. What should they change/not change?
How would a theoretical American withdraw from the Middle East work, and what would be the repercussions of such a move?
Should Democrats focus more on targeting working class white voters or college educated suburban white voters?
With reports saying that the new Healthcare bill would hurt Trump voters the hardest, is it fair to say that ACA hit Obama voters the hardest?
Many areas of the U.S. have reported a recent rise in anti Semitic crimes or threats. Can this be explained at all by the political climate in the US? Why or why not?
As the EPA and other federal agencies are downsized, what is the outlook for states who believe the previous functions were necessary?
Should Presidential tickets run as a team early on?
What's your opinion of "Compulsory Volunteerism"?
Have other administrations had to take on the so called "Deep State" ? And what are the implications of a divide between the office of the president and the intelligence community?
Now that they control Congress, are the Republicans likely to repeal the estate tax?
Is the AHCA likely to pass?
Where did the idea that politicians are only beholden to those who voted for them come from, and that concerns from constituents on the "losing team" are less valid, or even invalid? What are the implications of this kind of belief on society?
46 US attorneys removed by trump administration, how does this play out going forward?
Are other states switching over to the Republicans?
What are the wider implications of "the big sort", and are there any proposals to reverse it?
Should Democrats be proposing alternative legislation to AHCA? If so, what sort of policies should it include?
South Korea just impeached their president. What does that mean for the country going forward?
Several days ago, Wikileaks released Vault 7, a trove of classified material that outlines some of the CIA's spying capabilities, including alleged infiltration of Americans' smartphones, computers, and televisions. Is this a violation of our privacy? Or has the leak been blown out of proportion?
Is it becoming easier for older candidates to run for office?
If the American Healthcare Act passes, does it demonstrate a shift away from the influence of the AMA/AARP in national politics?
Jon Huntsman has been chosen to be Trump's ambassador to Russia. What does this mean for the current situation between the Trump Administration and Russia?
Who do you think will win the House race for Montana's at-large district?
Do you think of the Heritage Foundation's ACA Repeal/Replace Proposal could be more viable than the current GOP plan
In the modern era, which President would have been the best Supreme Court justice? How could this have happened?
What can a terrorist attack mean for the Trump administration and midterm elections?
Was the Republican agenda better suited to an opposition party?
What do you think would be different in current American politics if the Democrats held a majority in Congress?
What environmental regulations do you see as "too far reaching", unnecessary, or kill more jobs than they're worth?
Republicans have unveiled their ACA replacement. What does this mean for the future of Healthcare in America?
President Trump signs a new travel ban--how does the revised ban compare and what are its political implications?
The elections of both Obama and Trump have resulted in unusually fierce reactionary responses from the out of power party. Which President represents a greater departure from the norm? In which case was the backlash more appropriate?
The German federal election this year shapes up to be a lot closer than anticipated. Since Martin Schulz announced his candidacy his party has gained a lot of ground in the polls, even leading Merkel's party in some recent ones. How likely is it for Merkel to lose and what would be the consequences?
Did it take an Obama to be tough on immigrants?
What are the key characteristics and future implications of Obama's foreign policy doctrine?
Do you think the 1976 primaries in any way resemble the 2016 primaries?
What do protests achieve politically in this day and age in the US?
Who do you think the Democrats might run against Charlie Baker in 2018 during the Gubernatorial election?
What will result from the "Penelopegate" scandal surrounding French Presidential cadidate Francois Fillon?
Is there growing support for authoritarianism in the USA?
President Trump has tweeted that Obama approved a wiretap of Trump Tower. If this is true, what will this mean for the Democrats? How will this affect public perception of Trump?
As Trump administration rolls back environmental protections (such as emission standards and mpg reqs) and other regulations, could states join together to require their own uniform standards, environmental or otherwise?
Will Trump's increased military spending prompt an increase in military spending by other nations?
What is in your opinion the best political system in the world (existing or theoretical)? Which rules, reforms and institutions come together to form the best political system?
Is Al Franken setting himself up for a 2020 presidential run?
What do you think of France's 'Dissemination of Violent Images' law and the current controversy surrounding French National Front candidate Marine Le Pen?
The House Judiciary Committee has alleged that the Obama administration used the DOJ as a slush fund, funneling billions of dollars to liberal organizations. How will this controversy affect Obama, and how will he respond to it?
Is Democratic opposition to Trump hurting some of their causes he champions?
Is the United States in the midst of a political crisis?
From the Philippines - subliminal messaging in social media and how important is it in politics?
The Justice Department has alleged that Attorney General Jeff Sessions communicated directly with the Russian ambassador two times in the last year. How will this controversy affect the Trump Administration, and how should they respond to it?
When it comes to an investigation of Russian ties to the Trump campaign, should we be pressing for a Special Commission made up of the highest level Intelligence officials, appointed by both Democrats and Republicans in Congress, instead of a Special Prosecutor?
Will the GOP try to stop or pressure Trump to not withdraw from the WTO or setoff a trade war with Mexico?
What happens to the Paris Agreement/European environmental efforts in a far-right E.U.?
Why have the democrats never tried to repeal the Permanent Appointment Act of 1929 (aka the 435 cap on the House of Representatives)?
What are the chances of Jon Ossoff winning GA-6's congressional seat?
What platforms of your party do you consider to be politically self-damaging regardless of whether you agree with them?
Sanders as a VP pick in 2020: Smart choice?
Is standing ovations uncommon for the opposition whenever the president makes a speech to congress?
Has increased transparency lead to the lack of compromise in congress?
[MEGATHREAD] President Trump's Presidential Address to Congress
Would Democrats be wise to be more enthusiastic about marijuana legalization/rescheduling for 2018/2020?
What effect will the Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement (VOICE) proposal by Trump have on undocumented immigrants, legal immigrants, and those born on American soil?
Does the United States actually spend too much on Defense?
Will a recession hit within the next four years? If yes, what impact will the Trump administration's economic policies have on it (i.e. on the lead-up and recovery)?
Is civil debate dead in the US?
What are the goals of Social Conservatives at this point?
To what extent is the Democratic Party divided (or not)? And what impact could the degree of division have on mid-term election turnout?
Would repealing the ACA hurt or help the GOP in the midterms and 2020 presidential election?
How can the Democrats balance a 50 state strategy with a base that wants to move further left?
If capitalism is based on the concept of competition, what do we do when someone wins?
What can we expect from Chairman Thomas E. Perez and Deputy Chairman Keith M. Ellison?
Does the Democratic Party win more when it moves left or to the center?
How does Ajit Pai, FCC Chairman, decision changing privacy rules imposed on ISP benefit Americans?
POTUS vs. The Press
Should more be done to combat under-reporting of cash income? If so, what would be the best way to do this?
Some reports allegedly show tourism on a downtrend to the United States. Is this just a knee-jerk reaction or could the trend sustain? What would the effects be of a declining tourism industry in the United States? Can the industry survive an isolationist administration?
Why are rural areas Republican and urban areas Democrat?
Polls say Mark Cuban places competitively against Trump as a Democrat. Starting today, what would be his pathway to the Presidency?
Will Congressional Republicans behavior towards the Trump White House change once they return from the recess?
Will it be more helpful or harmful for scientists to become more politically engaged?
With the historic loss of the Copeland by-election is there a way forward for a Labour party led by Jeremy Corbyn?
Sean Spicer has said expect to see "greater enforcement" of federal Marijuana laws, what will this look like for states where it's already legal?
What are possible solutions to declining birth rates?
What were your thoughts on the DNC Chair debate?
How strongly does a shift in White House policy affect public attitudes?
Do the "angry town halls" that Republican representatives have been having/dodging signal trouble for them in 2018/2020?
Capital Gains preferential tax treatment and its effects
Possible Healthcare reform ideas. Come vet this one idea out with me.
After suffering huge losses in 2014, then losing the White House in 2016, how would the Democratic Party react in the event of another bad election in 2018?
Could inattention to the legislative process prevent the Trump administration from having any lasting impact on Government?
What is the likelihood that a Republican presidential candidate who isn't conservative on social issues could win the GOP primary in future elections?
What effect would a minority Republican candidate (i.e. Black, Hispanic, or Asian) have on voter turnout among minorities? Would it make a difference?
Donald Trump has chosen Army Lt. General H.R. McMaster to serve as his new NSA. Is this a good choice and what does this mean for Trump's national security agenda moving forward?
President Trump has a 90% approval rating among Republicans. How did he become so popular after splitting the party so bitterly during the primary?
How has each president shaped, or been shaped by, the politics of their time? In addition, what does Trump signal--in Stephen Skowronek's political time model (brief description provided)?
Why is Reagan considered one of the best Presidents?
Is it time to put term limits on Congress?
What are the merits of identity politics?
Is the Fairness Doctrine constitutional? How has its removal affected American politics since 1987?
HR 1313, Preserving Employee Wellness Programs Act, could allow employers to impose penalties of up to 30 percent of the total cost of the employee's health insurance on those who decline genetic testing. If passed, how will this bill affect employees who do have genetic disorders?
What should Republicans do to maintain their control of the Government come 2018, and 2020? Some issues are set in stone with their voter base (Abortion, Gun Rights) but others aren't as unchangeable. What should they change/not change?
How would a theoretical American withdraw from the Middle East work, and what would be the repercussions of such a move?
Should Democrats focus more on targeting working class white voters or college educated suburban white voters?
With reports saying that the new Healthcare bill would hurt Trump voters the hardest, is it fair to say that ACA hit Obama voters the hardest?
Many areas of the U.S. have reported a recent rise in anti Semitic crimes or threats. Can this be explained at all by the political climate in the US? Why or why not?
As the EPA and other federal agencies are downsized, what is the outlook for states who believe the previous functions were necessary?
Should Presidential tickets run as a team early on?
What's your opinion of "Compulsory Volunteerism"?
Have other administrations had to take on the so called "Deep State" ? And what are the implications of a divide between the office of the president and the intelligence community?
Now that they control Congress, are the Republicans likely to repeal the estate tax?
Is the AHCA likely to pass?
Where did the idea that politicians are only beholden to those who voted for them come from, and that concerns from constituents on the "losing team" are less valid, or even invalid? What are the implications of this kind of belief on society?
46 US attorneys removed by trump administration, how does this play out going forward?
Are other states switching over to the Republicans?
What are the wider implications of "the big sort", and are there any proposals to reverse it?
Should Democrats be proposing alternative legislation to AHCA? If so, what sort of policies should it include?
South Korea just impeached their president. What does that mean for the country going forward?
Several days ago, Wikileaks released Vault 7, a trove of classified material that outlines some of the CIA's spying capabilities, including alleged infiltration of Americans' smartphones, computers, and televisions. Is this a violation of our privacy? Or has the leak been blown out of proportion?
Is it becoming easier for older candidates to run for office?
If the American Healthcare Act passes, does it demonstrate a shift away from the influence of the AMA/AARP in national politics?
Jon Huntsman has been chosen to be Trump's ambassador to Russia. What does this mean for the current situation between the Trump Administration and Russia?
Who do you think will win the House race for Montana's at-large district?
Do you think of the Heritage Foundation's ACA Repeal/Replace Proposal could be more viable than the current GOP plan
In the modern era, which President would have been the best Supreme Court justice? How could this have happened?
What can a terrorist attack mean for the Trump administration and midterm elections?
Was the Republican agenda better suited to an opposition party?
What do you think would be different in current American politics if the Democrats held a majority in Congress?
What environmental regulations do you see as "too far reaching", unnecessary, or kill more jobs than they're worth?
Republicans have unveiled their ACA replacement. What does this mean for the future of Healthcare in America?
President Trump signs a new travel ban--how does the revised ban compare and what are its political implications?
The elections of both Obama and Trump have resulted in unusually fierce reactionary responses from the out of power party. Which President represents a greater departure from the norm? In which case was the backlash more appropriate?
The German federal election this year shapes up to be a lot closer than anticipated. Since Martin Schulz announced his candidacy his party has gained a lot of ground in the polls, even leading Merkel's party in some recent ones. How likely is it for Merkel to lose and what would be the consequences?
Did it take an Obama to be tough on immigrants?
What are the key characteristics and future implications of Obama's foreign policy doctrine?
Do you think the 1976 primaries in any way resemble the 2016 primaries?
What do protests achieve politically in this day and age in the US?
Who do you think the Democrats might run against Charlie Baker in 2018 during the Gubernatorial election?
What will result from the "Penelopegate" scandal surrounding French Presidential cadidate Francois Fillon?
Is there growing support for authoritarianism in the USA?
President Trump has tweeted that Obama approved a wiretap of Trump Tower. If this is true, what will this mean for the Democrats? How will this affect public perception of Trump?
As Trump administration rolls back environmental protections (such as emission standards and mpg reqs) and other regulations, could states join together to require their own uniform standards, environmental or otherwise?
Will Trump's increased military spending prompt an increase in military spending by other nations?
What is in your opinion the best political system in the world (existing or theoretical)? Which rules, reforms and institutions come together to form the best political system?
Is Al Franken setting himself up for a 2020 presidential run?
What do you think of France's 'Dissemination of Violent Images' law and the current controversy surrounding French National Front candidate Marine Le Pen?
The House Judiciary Committee has alleged that the Obama administration used the DOJ as a slush fund, funneling billions of dollars to liberal organizations. How will this controversy affect Obama, and how will he respond to it?
Is Democratic opposition to Trump hurting some of their causes he champions?
Is the United States in the midst of a political crisis?
From the Philippines - subliminal messaging in social media and how important is it in politics?
The Justice Department has alleged that Attorney General Jeff Sessions communicated directly with the Russian ambassador two times in the last year. How will this controversy affect the Trump Administration, and how should they respond to it?
When it comes to an investigation of Russian ties to the Trump campaign, should we be pressing for a Special Commission made up of the highest level Intelligence officials, appointed by both Democrats and Republicans in Congress, instead of a Special Prosecutor?
Will the GOP try to stop or pressure Trump to not withdraw from the WTO or setoff a trade war with Mexico?
What happens to the Paris Agreement/European environmental efforts in a far-right E.U.?
Why have the democrats never tried to repeal the Permanent Appointment Act of 1929 (aka the 435 cap on the House of Representatives)?
What are the chances of Jon Ossoff winning GA-6's congressional seat?
What platforms of your party do you consider to be politically self-damaging regardless of whether you agree with them?
Sanders as a VP pick in 2020: Smart choice?
Is standing ovations uncommon for the opposition whenever the president makes a speech to congress?
Has increased transparency lead to the lack of compromise in congress?
[MEGATHREAD] President Trump's Presidential Address to Congress
Would Democrats be wise to be more enthusiastic about marijuana legalization/rescheduling for 2018/2020?
What effect will the Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement (VOICE) proposal by Trump have on undocumented immigrants, legal immigrants, and those born on American soil?
Does the United States actually spend too much on Defense?
Will a recession hit within the next four years? If yes, what impact will the Trump administration's economic policies have on it (i.e. on the lead-up and recovery)?
Is civil debate dead in the US?
What are the goals of Social Conservatives at this point?
To what extent is the Democratic Party divided (or not)? And what impact could the degree of division have on mid-term election turnout?
Would repealing the ACA hurt or help the GOP in the midterms and 2020 presidential election?
How can the Democrats balance a 50 state strategy with a base that wants to move further left?
If capitalism is based on the concept of competition, what do we do when someone wins?
What can we expect from Chairman Thomas E. Perez and Deputy Chairman Keith M. Ellison?
Does the Democratic Party win more when it moves left or to the center?
How does Ajit Pai, FCC Chairman, decision changing privacy rules imposed on ISP benefit Americans?
POTUS vs. The Press
Should more be done to combat under-reporting of cash income? If so, what would be the best way to do this?
Some reports allegedly show tourism on a downtrend to the United States. Is this just a knee-jerk reaction or could the trend sustain? What would the effects be of a declining tourism industry in the United States? Can the industry survive an isolationist administration?
Why are rural areas Republican and urban areas Democrat?
Polls say Mark Cuban places competitively against Trump as a Democrat. Starting today, what would be his pathway to the Presidency?
Will Congressional Republicans behavior towards the Trump White House change once they return from the recess?
Will it be more helpful or harmful for scientists to become more politically engaged?
With the historic loss of the Copeland by-election is there a way forward for a Labour party led by Jeremy Corbyn?
Sean Spicer has said expect to see "greater enforcement" of federal Marijuana laws, what will this look like for states where it's already legal?
What are possible solutions to declining birth rates?
What were your thoughts on the DNC Chair debate?
How strongly does a shift in White House policy affect public attitudes?
Do the "angry town halls" that Republican representatives have been having/dodging signal trouble for them in 2018/2020?
Capital Gains preferential tax treatment and its effects
Possible Healthcare reform ideas. Come vet this one idea out with me.
After suffering huge losses in 2014, then losing the White House in 2016, how would the Democratic Party react in the event of another bad election in 2018?
Could inattention to the legislative process prevent the Trump administration from having any lasting impact on Government?
What is the likelihood that a Republican presidential candidate who isn't conservative on social issues could win the GOP primary in future elections?
What effect would a minority Republican candidate (i.e. Black, Hispanic, or Asian) have on voter turnout among minorities? Would it make a difference?
Donald Trump has chosen Army Lt. General H.R. McMaster to serve as his new NSA. Is this a good choice and what does this mean for Trump's national security agenda moving forward?
President Trump has a 90% approval rating among Republicans. How did he become so popular after splitting the party so bitterly during the primary?
How has each president shaped, or been shaped by, the politics of their time? In addition, what does Trump signal--in Stephen Skowronek's political time model (brief description provided)?
Why is Reagan considered one of the best Presidents?
Is Hate Speech Free speech or is it a crime?
Do Immigrants Create Higher Crime Rates?
What do you make of the proposed reworking of the US business tax code being floated by Republicans in Congress (20% Corporate income tax with a 20% general tariff)?
Has Donald Trump done anything - of which there is hard evidence - that would be grounds for impeachment?
Why is the Speaker of the US House of Representatives a partisan position? How did that develop?
At the Florida rally today, Trump claimed that he would resolve the refugee crisis by creating "safe zones" inside Syria, paid for by the gulf states. Is this a viable strategy? A pro-Assad pivot in American foreign policy?
Does geographical representation still justly serve the people of the United States?
Who should Secretary Clinton have selected as her Vice Presidential nominee, if not Senator Kaine?
If Russia under Putin invaded an eastern european nation defended by NATO, would that lead to full scale war or small scale? Would Russia have any allies?
Is it possible that Trump's statements about the supposed illegitimacy of certain mainstream media outlets has caused a noticeable impact in how they're perceived and trusted?
Should NATO countries be "forced" increase their defense spending?
Leaked draft memo shows that Trump administration is considering mobilizing up to 100,000 National Guard troops in 11 states to round up undocumented immigrants. Could this realistically be implemented? What would be the fallout from such an action?
What do we expect to happen during newly confirmed EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt's tenure?
Other than 2016 and 1948, what were the other great upsets in U.S. Presidential Elections?
The purported frontrunner for National Security Advisor - Admiral Robert Harward - has declined the job. Who are the likely/best second options?
Which "Dark Horses" could emerge to run in 2020?
Is the point of our politics with other superpowers essentially to maintain a "stalemate?"
When Trump leaves office, what will happen to some of the more controversial press credentials his administration has issued?
Trump's pick for Labor Secretary, Andy Puzder, is expected to withdraw. What are the implications of this? Who are the the likely picks to replace him as nominee?
Would there be any benefit to establishing a permanent Westminster-style question time in place of or alongside the US President's State Of The Union address? How should such a system be implemented?
What would be the pros/cons of eliminating a federal agency like the EPA, as a bill put forth by several Representatives is requesting?
Generational Politics - What can can we take from the generational trends of Millennials and Generation Z?
Is there any chance of a 3rd party (or maybe 3rd and 4th) forming in the era of Trump?
The Trump White House is reported to have competing power centers. So (a) how this is useful for governing and making policy, and (b) why does Trump encourage this?
Will the Russian influence scandal be enough to give Democrats election wins between now and 2020?
What is the path we could expect to see for President Trump to be Impeached?
Will Hillary Clinton seek a 3rd White House bid in 2020 after being vindicated about Russian intervention?
CNN Reporting extensive communications between Trump aides and Russia before the presidential election. How does this impact the previous narrative of the Trump election process?
President Trump signed legislation today to repeal a regulation requiring energy companies to disclose payments to foreign governments. Does this action serve a legitimate economic purpose?
Michael Flynn has reportedly resigned from his position as Trump's National Security Advisor due to controversy over his communication with the Russian ambassador. How does this affect the Trump administration, and where should they go from here?
In light of GOP infighting, will the ACA be successfully repealed and replaced?
How likely is it will the Supreme Court rule that Title IX protects transgender people from discrimination on the grounds of it being sex discrimination?
Ignoring the popular topics, Abortion, LBGT Rights, Immigration... what are the most important issues we should be preparing for politically in the US?
What is H.J. Res. 41 and will it create jobs, as Trump claims?
Should non-citizens factor into the apportionment of the House of Representatives?
As of February 2017, what are the most realistic options for Social Security reform?
If President Trump replaces Gen Flynn with a candidate with strong national security bona fides, but no specific loyalty to Trump, how do you think this will effect Trump's foreign policy agenda?
What health policies other than single payer can provide affordable deductibles and premiums for health insurance that does not deny people with pre existing conditions and have no lifetime caps?
If minor parties were more viable locally, would national minor parties gain more popularity as well?
Are political parties and coalitions inherently bad, neutral or good? Are they breeding ground for corruption?
If reports of Trump and Abe discussing matters of national security in front of guests at Mar-a-Lago are true, how much of a security risk does this pose? Has there ever been a precedent of a president discussing what is presumably classified information in a public space?
What are the chances of Trump getting a serious primary challenge in 2020? What are the consequences if he were to lose?
What are some positive things coming out of the new Administration?
Should the Muslim Brotherhood be designated a foreign terrorist organization? What would the practical and political consequences be?
We have EMT, Fire and Police, what if we created a fourth organization that dealt with mental and emotional health?
Today (2/12) speaking to George Stephanopoulos on behalf of the Trump administration, Stephen Miller made a rough equivalence of 1 to 4 American lives saved for every 10 criminal aliens deported. Does this claim have any factual basis?
Who are the most powerful people in the Democratic Party?
Who are the most powerful people in the Republican Party?
Is the USA just too big?
Why is the position of Chief of Staff to the President of the US highly esteemed and/or coveted by highly accomplished individuals?
Is it possible to have Steve Bannon remove from his position on the National Security Council?
Why did minorities come out to vote for Hillary in the primaries, but not in the general?
Should descendants of slaves be able to get reparations? Should racial minorities get reparations to make up for the discrimination that endured after slavery and segregation ended?
Why does political satire in the United States seemed to be dominated by liberals?
Do voters punish parties for being on the "wrong side of history"? How will this apply if climate change becomes a driving political issue in the coming decades?
Why is it a good thing to have foreign people come to the United States for schooling and work?
In the recent ICE raids in Southern California, what level of cooperation is the state giving them and what does that potentially signify in the relationship between CA and the federal government?
Why did Hillary Clinton's support completely fall off the table in rural Minnesota?
Trump has said that he is considering a new travel ban executive order rather than pursue the original one in court. How could a new one be rewritten to avoid the current legal battle?
Was Trump's unorthodox (spending, staffing) campaign a one-off?
Is Turkey righteous with its actions towards the YPG?
Those that agree with the 9th Circuit's decision on Trump's EO. What does Title 8, Chapter 12, US Code 1182 (f) mean to you?
Will the Democratic Party face increasing marginalization unless it begins to regard identity politics as a liability?
Can President Trump shut down investigations stemming from the dossier allegations of collusion with Russian? What would be the political ramifications?
Should the U.S. government as people if they have an LGBTQ identity in the next census? Can such a thing be implemented by the next census in 2020?
What is the world doing regarding the crimes against humanity carried out against the Rohingya in Myanmar?
Is the United States Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit too large?
Should a global Trump property be the victim of a terror attack, what would be the fallout from the White House? Where would the Republican Congress draw the line on a military response (if at all)?
What does victory look like Republicans for the next 2-4 years?
In a recent Tweet, the President of the United States explicitly targeted a company because it acted against his family's business interests. Does this represent a conflict of interest? If so, will President Trump pay any political price?
Should the US Adopt a Value Added Tax?
What does victory look like for the Democrats in the next 2-4 years?
Based on what we know how expansionist is Putin's Russia really?
Will Trump's support for civil asset forfeiture cost him the Libertarian-leaning conservatives?
What are key differences between Chavez and Madurai
Tort reform: Will Republicans pass it, and will it be effective?
After a US operation caused civilian deaths in Yemen, reports indicate that Yemen may now prohibit such raids. Yemen is also one of the countries subject to Trump's EO suspending immigration to the US. Are the events related? Will Trump's immigration order more help or harm counterterrorism efforts?
Sen. David Perdue (R-GA) proposes ending the "outdated" Diversity Immigrant Lottery program under his new immigration plan (RAISE act). How likely is it that the program, which has been in place for nearly 27 years, will be abolished?
Is fascism isolationist?
Possible solutions to the US Urban-Rural divide and fair/proportional representation
Rep. Thomas Massie (R-KY) has formally introduced his proposal to abolish the Department of Education. What are the chances that this bill passes, and how would it affect the American education system if it did?
How do the current town hall protests Republicans are facing compare to the 2009 Tea Party protests over the ACA?
Is the anti-Trump and anti-GOP movement limited to urban centers?
Do you think the US Federal Government would pass anti-tax avoidance laws while also lowing income taxes for the upper-class?
With another Scottish referendum seeming more likely what could be the key factors in how people vote be?
What would the fallout of European countries enacting a "Muslim-ban"?
Elder GOP Statesmen are embarking on a Carbon Tax lobbying effort aimed at the White House. What do you think about the the merits of their plan? Does it have any chance with the current administration and Congress?
Should Senators Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski expect any political consequences for voting against Betsy DeVos?
What are the benefits of nationally privatized schools? What are the drawbacks?
What do you think Donald Trump will do if the courts strike down his Muslim ban?
If public school teachers were to go on strike would they be able to have Devos removed as Secretary of Education?
Are American politics taking a turn towards radicalism and polarization?
Is it fair or unfair that people who live in American Commonwealths and territories are not allowed to vote in federal elections or representation in the federal legislature?
Is social conservatism entering a period of decline in the U.S.?
Public Option on the Health Insurance Marketplace
What is the Likelihood of Trump's "Muslim Ban" Reaching the Supreme Court?
Why do US citizens individually pay Federal taxes?
Are there any legal consequences for the President when making an EO that deliberately violates the law or constitution?
Will we see more "alt-right" Congressional candidates running in 2018? What districts would they be most competitive in? What are their chances of forming a significant bloc in Congress?
Are progressive protests against Trump doomed to failure?
Is Hate Speech Free speech or is it a crime?
Do Immigrants Create Higher Crime Rates?
What do you make of the proposed reworking of the US business tax code being floated by Republicans in Congress (20% Corporate income tax with a 20% general tariff)?
Has Donald Trump done anything - of which there is hard evidence - that would be grounds for impeachment?
Why is the Speaker of the US House of Representatives a partisan position? How did that develop?
At the Florida rally today, Trump claimed that he would resolve the refugee crisis by creating "safe zones" inside Syria, paid for by the gulf states. Is this a viable strategy? A pro-Assad pivot in American foreign policy?
Does geographical representation still justly serve the people of the United States?
Who should Secretary Clinton have selected as her Vice Presidential nominee, if not Senator Kaine?
If Russia under Putin invaded an eastern european nation defended by NATO, would that lead to full scale war or small scale? Would Russia have any allies?
Is it possible that Trump's statements about the supposed illegitimacy of certain mainstream media outlets has caused a noticeable impact in how they're perceived and trusted?
Should NATO countries be "forced" increase their defense spending?
Leaked draft memo shows that Trump administration is considering mobilizing up to 100,000 National Guard troops in 11 states to round up undocumented immigrants. Could this realistically be implemented? What would be the fallout from such an action?
What do we expect to happen during newly confirmed EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt's tenure?
Other than 2016 and 1948, what were the other great upsets in U.S. Presidential Elections?
The purported frontrunner for National Security Advisor - Admiral Robert Harward - has declined the job. Who are the likely/best second options?
Which "Dark Horses" could emerge to run in 2020?
Is the point of our politics with other superpowers essentially to maintain a "stalemate?"
When Trump leaves office, what will happen to some of the more controversial press credentials his administration has issued?
Trump's pick for Labor Secretary, Andy Puzder, is expected to withdraw. What are the implications of this? Who are the the likely picks to replace him as nominee?
Would there be any benefit to establishing a permanent Westminster-style question time in place of or alongside the US President's State Of The Union address? How should such a system be implemented?
What would be the pros/cons of eliminating a federal agency like the EPA, as a bill put forth by several Representatives is requesting?
Generational Politics - What can can we take from the generational trends of Millennials and Generation Z?
Is there any chance of a 3rd party (or maybe 3rd and 4th) forming in the era of Trump?
The Trump White House is reported to have competing power centers. So (a) how this is useful for governing and making policy, and (b) why does Trump encourage this?
Will the Russian influence scandal be enough to give Democrats election wins between now and 2020?
What is the path we could expect to see for President Trump to be Impeached?
Will Hillary Clinton seek a 3rd White House bid in 2020 after being vindicated about Russian intervention?
CNN Reporting extensive communications between Trump aides and Russia before the presidential election. How does this impact the previous narrative of the Trump election process?
President Trump signed legislation today to repeal a regulation requiring energy companies to disclose payments to foreign governments. Does this action serve a legitimate economic purpose?
Michael Flynn has reportedly resigned from his position as Trump's National Security Advisor due to controversy over his communication with the Russian ambassador. How does this affect the Trump administration, and where should they go from here?
In light of GOP infighting, will the ACA be successfully repealed and replaced?
How likely is it will the Supreme Court rule that Title IX protects transgender people from discrimination on the grounds of it being sex discrimination?
Ignoring the popular topics, Abortion, LBGT Rights, Immigration... what are the most important issues we should be preparing for politically in the US?
What is H.J. Res. 41 and will it create jobs, as Trump claims?
Should non-citizens factor into the apportionment of the House of Representatives?
As of February 2017, what are the most realistic options for Social Security reform?
If President Trump replaces Gen Flynn with a candidate with strong national security bona fides, but no specific loyalty to Trump, how do you think this will effect Trump's foreign policy agenda?
What health policies other than single payer can provide affordable deductibles and premiums for health insurance that does not deny people with pre existing conditions and have no lifetime caps?
If minor parties were more viable locally, would national minor parties gain more popularity as well?
Are political parties and coalitions inherently bad, neutral or good? Are they breeding ground for corruption?
If reports of Trump and Abe discussing matters of national security in front of guests at Mar-a-Lago are true, how much of a security risk does this pose? Has there ever been a precedent of a president discussing what is presumably classified information in a public space?
What are the chances of Trump getting a serious primary challenge in 2020? What are the consequences if he were to lose?
What are some positive things coming out of the new Administration?
Should the Muslim Brotherhood be designated a foreign terrorist organization? What would the practical and political consequences be?
We have EMT, Fire and Police, what if we created a fourth organization that dealt with mental and emotional health?
Today (2/12) speaking to George Stephanopoulos on behalf of the Trump administration, Stephen Miller made a rough equivalence of 1 to 4 American lives saved for every 10 criminal aliens deported. Does this claim have any factual basis?
Who are the most powerful people in the Democratic Party?
Who are the most powerful people in the Republican Party?
Is the USA just too big?
Why is the position of Chief of Staff to the President of the US highly esteemed and/or coveted by highly accomplished individuals?
Is it possible to have Steve Bannon remove from his position on the National Security Council?
Why did minorities come out to vote for Hillary in the primaries, but not in the general?
Should descendants of slaves be able to get reparations? Should racial minorities get reparations to make up for the discrimination that endured after slavery and segregation ended?
Why does political satire in the United States seemed to be dominated by liberals?
Do voters punish parties for being on the "wrong side of history"? How will this apply if climate change becomes a driving political issue in the coming decades?
Why is it a good thing to have foreign people come to the United States for schooling and work?
In the recent ICE raids in Southern California, what level of cooperation is the state giving them and what does that potentially signify in the relationship between CA and the federal government?
Why did Hillary Clinton's support completely fall off the table in rural Minnesota?
Trump has said that he is considering a new travel ban executive order rather than pursue the original one in court. How could a new one be rewritten to avoid the current legal battle?
Was Trump's unorthodox (spending, staffing) campaign a one-off?
Is Turkey righteous with its actions towards the YPG?
Those that agree with the 9th Circuit's decision on Trump's EO. What does Title 8, Chapter 12, US Code 1182 (f) mean to you?
Will the Democratic Party face increasing marginalization unless it begins to regard identity politics as a liability?
Can President Trump shut down investigations stemming from the dossier allegations of collusion with Russian? What would be the political ramifications?
Should the U.S. government as people if they have an LGBTQ identity in the next census? Can such a thing be implemented by the next census in 2020?
What is the world doing regarding the crimes against humanity carried out against the Rohingya in Myanmar?
Is the United States Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit too large?
Should a global Trump property be the victim of a terror attack, what would be the fallout from the White House? Where would the Republican Congress draw the line on a military response (if at all)?
What does victory look like Republicans for the next 2-4 years?
In a recent Tweet, the President of the United States explicitly targeted a company because it acted against his family's business interests. Does this represent a conflict of interest? If so, will President Trump pay any political price?
Should the US Adopt a Value Added Tax?
What does victory look like for the Democrats in the next 2-4 years?
Based on what we know how expansionist is Putin's Russia really?
Will Trump's support for civil asset forfeiture cost him the Libertarian-leaning conservatives?
What are key differences between Chavez and Madurai
Tort reform: Will Republicans pass it, and will it be effective?
After a US operation caused civilian deaths in Yemen, reports indicate that Yemen may now prohibit such raids. Yemen is also one of the countries subject to Trump's EO suspending immigration to the US. Are the events related? Will Trump's immigration order more help or harm counterterrorism efforts?
Sen. David Perdue (R-GA) proposes ending the "outdated" Diversity Immigrant Lottery program under his new immigration plan (RAISE act). How likely is it that the program, which has been in place for nearly 27 years, will be abolished?
Is fascism isolationist?
Possible solutions to the US Urban-Rural divide and fair/proportional representation
Rep. Thomas Massie (R-KY) has formally introduced his proposal to abolish the Department of Education. What are the chances that this bill passes, and how would it affect the American education system if it did?
How do the current town hall protests Republicans are facing compare to the 2009 Tea Party protests over the ACA?
Is the anti-Trump and anti-GOP movement limited to urban centers?
Do you think the US Federal Government would pass anti-tax avoidance laws while also lowing income taxes for the upper-class?
With another Scottish referendum seeming more likely what could be the key factors in how people vote be?
What would the fallout of European countries enacting a "Muslim-ban"?
Elder GOP Statesmen are embarking on a Carbon Tax lobbying effort aimed at the White House. What do you think about the the merits of their plan? Does it have any chance with the current administration and Congress?
Should Senators Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski expect any political consequences for voting against Betsy DeVos?
What are the benefits of nationally privatized schools? What are the drawbacks?
What do you think Donald Trump will do if the courts strike down his Muslim ban?
If public school teachers were to go on strike would they be able to have Devos removed as Secretary of Education?
Are American politics taking a turn towards radicalism and polarization?
Is it fair or unfair that people who live in American Commonwealths and territories are not allowed to vote in federal elections or representation in the federal legislature?
Is social conservatism entering a period of decline in the U.S.?
Public Option on the Health Insurance Marketplace
What is the Likelihood of Trump's "Muslim Ban" Reaching the Supreme Court?
Why do US citizens individually pay Federal taxes?
Are there any legal consequences for the President when making an EO that deliberately violates the law or constitution?
Will we see more "alt-right" Congressional candidates running in 2018? What districts would they be most competitive in? What are their chances of forming a significant bloc in Congress?
Are progressive protests against Trump doomed to failure?
What would a Macron presidency look like?
How real is the difficulty of voting in cities compared with rural areas?
Is the Trump administration having more leaks come out of the White House than past administrations?
How did Steve Bannon become Trump's close advisor?
Will criminalizing protests make protesting more violent?
What happens if there's a terrorist attack now that the Executive Order is temporarily lifted?
From 1933 to 1981, the U.S. Democratic Party controlled both Houses of Congress. Why was this, and what can be done to replicate their past success?
What are the best alternatives to Drones when considering US Foreign policy?
Why is there so much congressional obstruction when the party obstructing could just lean on the structure of government to achieve what they want?
What effect does the Trump administration have in not responding to reports and articles?
What is the argument in favor of killing the "fiduciary rule?"
South Dakota's repealing of anti-corruption law
A Federal Judge in Washington has just halted Trump's travel ban nationwide. What are the affects of this on the Trump administration and how will this affect the travel ban?
Eastern Ukraine violence escalates. Is this Russian Expansionism and will the US Intercede?
How soon will we see the return of a Democrat controlled Congress?
To what extent can or should inflammatory but nonviolent political rhetoric be considered responsible for political violence?
Did Trump drop the ball on this recent anti terrorism operation in Yemen
What would happen if a future senate flat out refused to work with a future president on cabinet nominations?
Donald Trump suggested defunding public universities that don't support the First Amendment, in light of the riot/protest at UC Berkeley yesterday. Is this possible, and how likely would it be that Congress picked up this issue with 2018 on the horizon?
What is North Korea's end goal with nuclear proliferation to foreign nations
Trump has vowed to destroy the Johnson Amendment, how likely is this to happen, and what are the ramifications if it were to happen?
What is the likelihood of a resurgence of the militant left-wing?
Did National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius restrict the ammount of money that the Trump Administration can withhold from sanctuary cities?
Do political tactics work differently for the two different sides?
It is claimed Trump has flipped his position on pharmaceutical negotiations after meeting with pharma lobbyists. What exactly is his new position?
Say some event happens, wiping out a significant portion of the British government (Prime Minister, Parliament, etc.), thus crippling it. Would the Queen be able to assume rule over Britain for a period of time until a new government is reassembled?
Should non-profit organizations (including churches) be politically active while remaining tax-exempt?
Whom can the President remove from office?
How can politicians effectively craft a message/policy that deals with the psychological aspects of globalization without retreating from globalization?
Trump has vowed to "destroy" the Johnson Amendment, which prevents tax-exempt churches from engaging in political activities. What effect will this have?
Citing obstruction on the part of Democrats in the Senate committee, Republicans temporarily suspend rules and approved Health and Treasury secretary picks. What does this mean for secretary committee preocedure in the future?
How can we lessen political violence in America?
Trump has drafted an executive order giving hiring priority for H-1B visas to the most highly paid. Coupled with the proposal to raise the H-1B minimum wage to 132k, how will this affect the US and world economy?
Two GOP senators have come out against the confirmation of Betsy DeVos. If Senator Sessions is confirmed as Attorney General before her confirmation hearing, his seat will be left vacant. What does this mean for DeVos' confirmation?
Does the two-party system institutionally fail when both parties become extremely partisan and can appeal to their radical factions instead of the moderates/center to win elections?
Michael Flynn declares Iran is "on notice" by the US. Is this departure from common diplomatic parlance a preview of the new normal?
Why are unpopular congressional appointments delayed rather than just voting against them?
[Megathread] Neil Gorsuch Nominated to Supreme Court
(A Question in response to the article 50 vote in parliament) Is it an MP's duty to copy the views of their constituency, or are they elected for their experience and judgment to vote in how they believe is best for their constituency even if it means going against them?
What sort of influence will the riots at Berkeley last night have on the 2018 and 2020 elections?
What is Bannon's agenda?
What can be done about the economic destitution of certain parts of Southern Europe?
Trump fires only Justice Dept. Official authorized to sign FISA warrants
Jerry Falwell Jr. is supposed to lead a federal higher education task force. What exactly would be the function of such a task force, and how will Falwell Jr.'s leadership affect its agenda?
Would a Democratic proposal of letting people under 65 buy into Medicare be popular among voters?
Are republican’s taking a gamble in moving forward with Trump’s wall?
How likely is major tax reform in the next few years?
What would happen if John McCain and two other Senators left the Republican party? How would this shift power in today's government? Who aside from McCain would be most likely to leave?
How effective is door-to-door campaigning in the digital age?
What new checks could American Government use?
Would a Trump impeachment be damaging to democracy?
Some people have been calling for Trump's impeachment since the day he was elected. Has he done anything that could realistically be considered an impeachable offense?
The President of the United States just referred to the media as the "opposition party". Is there any precedent for this, and how far can we expect this to go?
Trump signs executive order stating for every new regulation, two regulations must be removed. In addition: a $0 cap on new regulations. How effective will this order be?
Should senate Democrats block the president's pick to fill Antonin Scalia's seat on the Supreme Court? Would blocking the nominee be a smart thing to do?
Is Steve Brannon's appointment to the National Security Council illegal? If so, what happens next?
Are the changes Trump made to the National Security Council precedented? Have past presidents ever made similar changes?
Executive Orders: Let's Discuss
Is the geographical distribution of their voters a long-term problem for Democrats? Is there anything they can do to correct this?
What historical United States Political Party would you return to the fray?
How's does whistleblowing laws apply to government employees with security clearance?
There are numerous credible reports that CBP is refusing to obey Judge Donnelly's orders regarding access to counsel for detained travelers. What are the historical analogues to this point in the crisis? What do they tell us about how to react?
Trump &amp; Obama have both taken advantage of congress's unwillingness to fight executive orders. Were any former US presidents especially fond of doing this or is this new? How much absolute power does a president have over a regulatory agency?
The White House's "Holocaust Remembrance Day" statement has omitted mention of any Jewish victims. Will this affect US-Israel relations?
Does scotus could consider kormatsu v US (the scotus case involving Japanese internment camps) binding precedent? Could it be used to justify Trump's immigration EO?
Could republican politicians in Utah be hurt by the controversy surrounding President Trump's executive orders targeting Muslim immigrants, given the Mormon Church's history of religious persecution?
Is it possible for left-wing ideologies to channel the protests against President Trump (ie. women's march, airport protests, etc) into a type of left-wing Tea Party?
What are the potential outcomes of the brewing showdown between the administration and California?
Will the world starting to take Trump "Literally and figuratively" adversely affect far-right movements in France and Germany
What effects will Trump's reorganization of the National Security Council have?
What does Trump's proposed "extreme vetting" entail that is not included as part of the refugee admission process already?
Now that Colombia and Peru have decided to stand with Mexico in the issue regarding the wall with the US, how could the US be affected? and could this mean a shift in the attitude towards the US from Latin America?
Should the Democrats be concerned that they lost the white millennial demographic this election?
If the GOP gets 34 state governors in 2018, will we see an Amendment proposed? If so, what will this amendment entail?
Recently Eastern Washington Threatened to Secede from Washington. What other states would it make sense to Break Up and Why?
Welcome new moderators! Also, policy reminders.
Which U.S. president was the most autocratic? Alternatively, when has the U.S. been closest to an autocracy?
Devil's advocate: what are the advantages to a two party system?
Does party affiliation really matter at the mayoral level?
Who might have legal standing to challenge Roe v Wade?
Would an American 'foreign legion' be politically palatable as a path to naturalization?
Are Democrats ready to be the opposition party?
Donald Trump has signed an Executive order to limit immigration. Is this the Muslim ban he promised?
Given Donald Trump's fondness of protectionist policies and economic isolationism, will fiscal conservatives in the Republican party revolt?
Massachusetts overwhelmingly votes Democratic in Presidential elections. But MA's Republican Governor, Charlie Baker, is the more popular than any other in the country. Why is this the case? And does it call into question notions of deep partisan polarization in the country?
Does Emmanuel Macron have a good chance to make it to the second round of the French Presidential Election?
Sources say Trumps main three picks to replace Antonin Scalia are Neil Gorsuch(10th Circuit), Thomas Hardiman(3rd Circuit), and Bill Pryor(11th Circuit): Who would have the best chance of getting confirmed?
New York vs. United States case in 1992 (10th Amendment case settled by SCOTUS) protects the states from "commandeering" state governments. How will this case influence Trump's EO cutting funding for "Sanctuary Cities/States" and impact Congressional attempts to do the same?
Should the Democrats pursue a sunbelt strategy to counter Trumps successful rust belt/Midwest strategy?
How do you think “Association Health Plans” in Rand Paul's plan would play out?
Why can’t the US implement a work permit system for undocumented agricultural workers and others who are currently in the US for work?
Have the allegations against Francois Fillon shifted the French Presidential election in LaPen favour?
Can a bad person be a good President?
Sean Spicer announced today that a 20 percent import tax will be placed on Mexican imports in order to "easily pay for the wall just through that mechanism alone." What impact will this have on the average US consumer and the US economy?
The Supreme Court of the U.K. rules that an Act of Parliament (vote in parliament) is required before Theresa May can invoke Article 50 to leave the EU. Does this change the chances of Brexit occurring?
What are the core values that inform current manifestations of (US) liberalism and conservatism and do those values remain stable over time?
Republicans in MN, NH, and VA have introduced legislation to change the distribution of electoral votes from winner-take-all to by congressional district. How likely are these to be passed?
How will the Congressional Review Act affect Republican's ability to undo President Obama's executive actions.
A senior White House official has declared the news media as the 'opposition party'. What (if any) effect will this have on the political landscape?
Could the states (specifically California) forbid the construction of Trump's border wall?
What would a Macron presidency look like?
How real is the difficulty of voting in cities compared with rural areas?
Is the Trump administration having more leaks come out of the White House than past administrations?
How did Steve Bannon become Trump's close advisor?
Will criminalizing protests make protesting more violent?
What happens if there's a terrorist attack now that the Executive Order is temporarily lifted?
From 1933 to 1981, the U.S. Democratic Party controlled both Houses of Congress. Why was this, and what can be done to replicate their past success?
What are the best alternatives to Drones when considering US Foreign policy?
Why is there so much congressional obstruction when the party obstructing could just lean on the structure of government to achieve what they want?
What effect does the Trump administration have in not responding to reports and articles?
What is the argument in favor of killing the "fiduciary rule?"
South Dakota's repealing of anti-corruption law
A Federal Judge in Washington has just halted Trump's travel ban nationwide. What are the affects of this on the Trump administration and how will this affect the travel ban?
Eastern Ukraine violence escalates. Is this Russian Expansionism and will the US Intercede?
How soon will we see the return of a Democrat controlled Congress?
To what extent can or should inflammatory but nonviolent political rhetoric be considered responsible for political violence?
Did Trump drop the ball on this recent anti terrorism operation in Yemen
What would happen if a future senate flat out refused to work with a future president on cabinet nominations?
Donald Trump suggested defunding public universities that don't support the First Amendment, in light of the riot/protest at UC Berkeley yesterday. Is this possible, and how likely would it be that Congress picked up this issue with 2018 on the horizon?
What is North Korea's end goal with nuclear proliferation to foreign nations
Trump has vowed to destroy the Johnson Amendment, how likely is this to happen, and what are the ramifications if it were to happen?
What is the likelihood of a resurgence of the militant left-wing?
Did National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius restrict the ammount of money that the Trump Administration can withhold from sanctuary cities?
Do political tactics work differently for the two different sides?
It is claimed Trump has flipped his position on pharmaceutical negotiations after meeting with pharma lobbyists. What exactly is his new position?
Say some event happens, wiping out a significant portion of the British government (Prime Minister, Parliament, etc.), thus crippling it. Would the Queen be able to assume rule over Britain for a period of time until a new government is reassembled?
Should non-profit organizations (including churches) be politically active while remaining tax-exempt?
Whom can the President remove from office?
How can politicians effectively craft a message/policy that deals with the psychological aspects of globalization without retreating from globalization?
Trump has vowed to "destroy" the Johnson Amendment, which prevents tax-exempt churches from engaging in political activities. What effect will this have?
Citing obstruction on the part of Democrats in the Senate committee, Republicans temporarily suspend rules and approved Health and Treasury secretary picks. What does this mean for secretary committee preocedure in the future?
How can we lessen political violence in America?
Trump has drafted an executive order giving hiring priority for H-1B visas to the most highly paid. Coupled with the proposal to raise the H-1B minimum wage to 132k, how will this affect the US and world economy?
Two GOP senators have come out against the confirmation of Betsy DeVos. If Senator Sessions is confirmed as Attorney General before her confirmation hearing, his seat will be left vacant. What does this mean for DeVos' confirmation?
Does the two-party system institutionally fail when both parties become extremely partisan and can appeal to their radical factions instead of the moderates/center to win elections?
Michael Flynn declares Iran is "on notice" by the US. Is this departure from common diplomatic parlance a preview of the new normal?
Why are unpopular congressional appointments delayed rather than just voting against them?
[Megathread] Neil Gorsuch Nominated to Supreme Court
(A Question in response to the article 50 vote in parliament) Is it an MP's duty to copy the views of their constituency, or are they elected for their experience and judgment to vote in how they believe is best for their constituency even if it means going against them?
What sort of influence will the riots at Berkeley last night have on the 2018 and 2020 elections?
What is Bannon's agenda?
What can be done about the economic destitution of certain parts of Southern Europe?
Trump fires only Justice Dept. Official authorized to sign FISA warrants
Jerry Falwell Jr. is supposed to lead a federal higher education task force. What exactly would be the function of such a task force, and how will Falwell Jr.'s leadership affect its agenda?
Would a Democratic proposal of letting people under 65 buy into Medicare be popular among voters?
Are republican’s taking a gamble in moving forward with Trump’s wall?
How likely is major tax reform in the next few years?
What would happen if John McCain and two other Senators left the Republican party? How would this shift power in today's government? Who aside from McCain would be most likely to leave?
How effective is door-to-door campaigning in the digital age?
What new checks could American Government use?
Would a Trump impeachment be damaging to democracy?
Some people have been calling for Trump's impeachment since the day he was elected. Has he done anything that could realistically be considered an impeachable offense?
The President of the United States just referred to the media as the "opposition party". Is there any precedent for this, and how far can we expect this to go?
Trump signs executive order stating for every new regulation, two regulations must be removed. In addition: a $0 cap on new regulations. How effective will this order be?
Should senate Democrats block the president's pick to fill Antonin Scalia's seat on the Supreme Court? Would blocking the nominee be a smart thing to do?
Is Steve Brannon's appointment to the National Security Council illegal? If so, what happens next?
Are the changes Trump made to the National Security Council precedented? Have past presidents ever made similar changes?
Executive Orders: Let's Discuss
Is the geographical distribution of their voters a long-term problem for Democrats? Is there anything they can do to correct this?
What historical United States Political Party would you return to the fray?
How's does whistleblowing laws apply to government employees with security clearance?
There are numerous credible reports that CBP is refusing to obey Judge Donnelly's orders regarding access to counsel for detained travelers. What are the historical analogues to this point in the crisis? What do they tell us about how to react?
Trump &amp; Obama have both taken advantage of congress's unwillingness to fight executive orders. Were any former US presidents especially fond of doing this or is this new? How much absolute power does a president have over a regulatory agency?
The White House's "Holocaust Remembrance Day" statement has omitted mention of any Jewish victims. Will this affect US-Israel relations?
Does scotus could consider kormatsu v US (the scotus case involving Japanese internment camps) binding precedent? Could it be used to justify Trump's immigration EO?
Could republican politicians in Utah be hurt by the controversy surrounding President Trump's executive orders targeting Muslim immigrants, given the Mormon Church's history of religious persecution?
Is it possible for left-wing ideologies to channel the protests against President Trump (ie. women's march, airport protests, etc) into a type of left-wing Tea Party?
What are the potential outcomes of the brewing showdown between the administration and California?
Will the world starting to take Trump "Literally and figuratively" adversely affect far-right movements in France and Germany
What effects will Trump's reorganization of the National Security Council have?
What does Trump's proposed "extreme vetting" entail that is not included as part of the refugee admission process already?
Now that Colombia and Peru have decided to stand with Mexico in the issue regarding the wall with the US, how could the US be affected? and could this mean a shift in the attitude towards the US from Latin America?
Should the Democrats be concerned that they lost the white millennial demographic this election?
If the GOP gets 34 state governors in 2018, will we see an Amendment proposed? If so, what will this amendment entail?
Recently Eastern Washington Threatened to Secede from Washington. What other states would it make sense to Break Up and Why?
Welcome new moderators! Also, policy reminders.
Which U.S. president was the most autocratic? Alternatively, when has the U.S. been closest to an autocracy?
Devil's advocate: what are the advantages to a two party system?
Does party affiliation really matter at the mayoral level?
Who might have legal standing to challenge Roe v Wade?
Would an American 'foreign legion' be politically palatable as a path to naturalization?
Are Democrats ready to be the opposition party?
Donald Trump has signed an Executive order to limit immigration. Is this the Muslim ban he promised?
Given Donald Trump's fondness of protectionist policies and economic isolationism, will fiscal conservatives in the Republican party revolt?
Massachusetts overwhelmingly votes Democratic in Presidential elections. But MA's Republican Governor, Charlie Baker, is the more popular than any other in the country. Why is this the case? And does it call into question notions of deep partisan polarization in the country?
Does Emmanuel Macron have a good chance to make it to the second round of the French Presidential Election?
Sources say Trumps main three picks to replace Antonin Scalia are Neil Gorsuch(10th Circuit), Thomas Hardiman(3rd Circuit), and Bill Pryor(11th Circuit): Who would have the best chance of getting confirmed?
New York vs. United States case in 1992 (10th Amendment case settled by SCOTUS) protects the states from "commandeering" state governments. How will this case influence Trump's EO cutting funding for "Sanctuary Cities/States" and impact Congressional attempts to do the same?
Should the Democrats pursue a sunbelt strategy to counter Trumps successful rust belt/Midwest strategy?
How do you think “Association Health Plans” in Rand Paul's plan would play out?
Why can’t the US implement a work permit system for undocumented agricultural workers and others who are currently in the US for work?
Have the allegations against Francois Fillon shifted the French Presidential election in LaPen favour?
Can a bad person be a good President?
Sean Spicer announced today that a 20 percent import tax will be placed on Mexican imports in order to "easily pay for the wall just through that mechanism alone." What impact will this have on the average US consumer and the US economy?
The Supreme Court of the U.K. rules that an Act of Parliament (vote in parliament) is required before Theresa May can invoke Article 50 to leave the EU. Does this change the chances of Brexit occurring?
What are the core values that inform current manifestations of (US) liberalism and conservatism and do those values remain stable over time?
Republicans in MN, NH, and VA have introduced legislation to change the distribution of electoral votes from winner-take-all to by congressional district. How likely are these to be passed?
How will the Congressional Review Act affect Republican's ability to undo President Obama's executive actions.
A senior White House official has declared the news media as the 'opposition party'. What (if any) effect will this have on the political landscape?
Could the states (specifically California) forbid the construction of Trump's border wall?
Could the Democrats take on an explicitly redistributionist rhetoric?
Has the Republican party undergone a permanent shift left?
[Legislation] Rand Paul has drafted a replacement for the ACA. What are the pros and cons of his plan?
What methods could be used to make Mexico pay for 'the wall'? Which method is best/worst?
What does Putin's Russia get out of promoting the far right in western nations?
Will Trump invoke Eminent Domain to seize private land that is currently where the wall will be built? If a landowner disagrees that it is for "Public Use" and sues the US, does the landowner have a chance?
Will "cultural nationalists" ever gain any sort of mainstream tolerance or acceptance?
Should presidential candidates be required to have held some form of elected office in order to qualify to be president?
Could Climate Change Denial Offer Strategic Benefits to the United States?
Former President Obama has one of the lowest average presidential approval ratings in modern history. Why is this?
In the wake of Trump's ascendance, what are the chances of the EU choosing to federalize?
Will the WTO protect Mexico if the US withdraws from NAFTA?
President Trump has issued an executive order for a wall to be built along the southern US border with Mexico. What effects will this have on people's perception of the Trump administration and what does this mean for US-Mexico relations?
Should rural voters have their votes count more than an urban voter's to prevent a possible "tyranny of the majority" scenario?
Will this new left wing movement known as Justice Democrats become a serious force in Democratic Party politics?
Does New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman have what it takes to be a national political figure?
Thomas Hardiman, one of the finalists for Trump's SCOTUS nomination, and how his jurisprudence can affect society - especially with free speech and gun rights
Should fake news be censored?
Will Democrats filibuster Trump's SCOTUS nominee?
What does the nomination of Ajit Pai for FCC chairman mean for the further consolidation of media?
If a significant portion of US citizens united to oppose a sitting president, what are some things that population could do to effect change immediately?
We've been hearing a lot about Russian psyops and this election. What is the West doing and is it effective?
What is Chicago's plan to curb the violence?
What are the political upsides and downsides of Trump's involvement in individual companies hiring/offshoring decisions?
Are there structural differences in which voting/political systems are more susceptible to insurgent/populist/"far right" political movements?
President Donald Trump's "extreme vetting" plan- bigotry or beneficial?
What are the repercussions of the Trump administration cracking down on public releases of information from the EPA and USDA?
The Dow Jones Industrial Average has topped 20k for the first time in history. Does this effect your opinion of Trmp's recent policy proposals?
What are the realistic implications of the President's position that 3-5M people voted illegally for Clinton? How significant is the Republican congressional and media backlash going to be in the coming weeks?
Press Secretary Sean Spicer has reiterated the claim that 3-5 million people voted for Clinton illegally, and that President Trump is considering launching an investigation into this. How would such an investigation proceed? What will be the likely findings?
Could switching parties for the primary elections mend some of our party polarization in America?
Who stands to benefit from the construction and operation of the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines?
How was George HW Bush as a president?
Idaho Democratic Party executive director Sally Brown announced her intention to run for DNC chair. What are her chances?
What if the United States split?
Automation's impact on tomorrow's social contract
What happens if China becomes the world's economic superpower?
Trump, the Unions, and it's effect on the political spectrum.
Trump has signed an executive order formally withdrawing the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership
How does everybody feel about the REINS Act?
Republicans present alternative to Obamacare: Keep it if you want
What are the real implications of making congressional documents 'private property'?
Is it imperative that mainland Europe become militarily independent of the USA or is this just a blip?
Donald Trump has issued an executive order to freeze federal hiring
What would be the most feasible path for a third party or multiparty system in the American political system?
How do we counter the social trend towards clustering with like-minded people?
Is seeing the political spectrum as a pyramid more accurate than seeing it as a line?
What would be considered the most influential unsuccessful Presidential campaign?
Why is it such a bold move to move the US Embassy From Tel Aviv to Jerusalem?
What is the best campaign documentary?
A poll shows that 46% of Massachusetts voters think someone else should have a turn at Elizabeth Warren's senate seat and her net favorability is the lowest recorded. How vulnerable is she?
The Patient Freedom Act was announced today
Why was Trump's first executive action to cancel Obama's HUD's mortgage premium cuts?
What would be the effect of the repeal of NAFTA on the average American's life, if any?
How do you think the Tech Industry will fair and be affected by the new U.S. Administration?
What is the practical difference between an Executive Order and a Presidential Memoranda?
Pres. Trump plans on cutting regulations by 75% and imposing border taxes. What affect will this have on US jobs and the economy?
What will the effects of other nations' phase-out of coal power generation be on the Trump Administration's energy policy?
What Possible Coalitions Could Create Democratic Party That Would Reverse Urban/Rural Divide?
NY Times Reports That Trump Has Officially Withdrawn Signature From TPP
What should the Democrats do to regain power in your opinion? Where should they go from here?
What will the effects be of higher import taxes (into the US)?
Why was John Edwards considered a rising star?
With the Republicans having control of the House, Senate, and Presidency, what are the chances the Hearing Protection Act (HPA) passes?
If Trump is sued
Following President Trump's inauguration, Israel approved hundreds of new settlement homes. Where does the Israeli-Palestinian peace process go from here? How do changes to the political environment in the US and elsewhere affect prospects for peace?
How much influence can the Trump administration have on government data?
Why isn't the president's cabinet citizen elected?
Are the recent acts committed during the post-inauguration riot to be considered "violent" or not?
House bill introduced that would withdraw the the US from the UN
How likely is the American Sovereignty Restoration Act of 2017 to pass and what effects would it have if it does?
How would a modern nation build an empire?
What would it take to get the States to provide Electoral Votes based on the % of Vote you received in the State instead of rewarding all the votes to the State's winner?
Trump and NAFTA
What is the best case scenario for the Democrats regarding SCOTUS?
Trump has announced he will go meet with Mexican and Canadian leaders about renegotiating NAFTA. What are the likely ramifications of such an action?
Press Secretary Sean Spicer claims that the Trump administration is "going to hold the press accountable as well." Does this constitute as a legitimate threat to the press?
The American Sovereignty Restoration Act of 2017, a bill to remove the United States from the UN, was introduced to the house. What are the ramifications of its creation, and is it likely to be passed?
How does the Presidential Records Act (PRA) affect the ability of Trump to delete his tweets?
Were there any "good" US presidents since Lincoln?
Media narrative of party schisms
Barack Obama says Democrats need to get smarter about tech taking jobs--how do they do it?
How will the presence of social media affect future generations running for political office?
What do you think of Mattis and his quick action on ISIS?
How will 2020 demographics impact US elections?
Is automation an avenue to explore the benefits and drawbacks of a universal basic income?
The Women's March. What impact could it have?
H.R. 193 - American Sovereignty Restoration Act of 2017 introduced to the House; What would the effects be of the United States repealing the United Nations Participation Act of 1945?
Why is national debt attributed to the president?
If the ACA is repealed, can we expect more repeals to follow? Will back-and-forth be the future of major issues? Are there any previous examples of this?
Trump reportedly planning a flurry of executive orders, but withholding details. What do you think are the most likely executive orders Trump will sign his first week in office?
Could currently untapped industries such as marijuana be used to replace lost coal mining jobs in Appalachia?
Donald Trump said he is “ready to unlock the mystery of space and the free the earth from disease.” What mysteries will he unlock and what diseases will he cure?
What are the justifications for maintaining representative democracy instead of adopting direct democracy?
Donald Trump wants to Rebuild American Infrastructure
What's the best way to measure the success of our government?
What would each party claim as major accomplishments over the past 25 years?
Joe Biden's son Hunter says that if it were up to him, his father would start running for president "starting tomorrow." Would Biden be a serious contender for the Democratic nomination at his age in four years?
Questions About Federal Funding and Planned Parenthood
Could the Democrats take on an explicitly redistributionist rhetoric?
Has the Republican party undergone a permanent shift left?
[Legislation] Rand Paul has drafted a replacement for the ACA. What are the pros and cons of his plan?
What methods could be used to make Mexico pay for 'the wall'? Which method is best/worst?
What does Putin's Russia get out of promoting the far right in western nations?
Will Trump invoke Eminent Domain to seize private land that is currently where the wall will be built? If a landowner disagrees that it is for "Public Use" and sues the US, does the landowner have a chance?
Will "cultural nationalists" ever gain any sort of mainstream tolerance or acceptance?
Should presidential candidates be required to have held some form of elected office in order to qualify to be president?
Could Climate Change Denial Offer Strategic Benefits to the United States?
Former President Obama has one of the lowest average presidential approval ratings in modern history. Why is this?
In the wake of Trump's ascendance, what are the chances of the EU choosing to federalize?
Will the WTO protect Mexico if the US withdraws from NAFTA?
President Trump has issued an executive order for a wall to be built along the southern US border with Mexico. What effects will this have on people's perception of the Trump administration and what does this mean for US-Mexico relations?
Should rural voters have their votes count more than an urban voter's to prevent a possible "tyranny of the majority" scenario?
Will this new left wing movement known as Justice Democrats become a serious force in Democratic Party politics?
Does New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman have what it takes to be a national political figure?
Thomas Hardiman, one of the finalists for Trump's SCOTUS nomination, and how his jurisprudence can affect society - especially with free speech and gun rights
Should fake news be censored?
Will Democrats filibuster Trump's SCOTUS nominee?
What does the nomination of Ajit Pai for FCC chairman mean for the further consolidation of media?
If a significant portion of US citizens united to oppose a sitting president, what are some things that population could do to effect change immediately?
We've been hearing a lot about Russian psyops and this election. What is the West doing and is it effective?
What is Chicago's plan to curb the violence?
What are the political upsides and downsides of Trump's involvement in individual companies hiring/offshoring decisions?
Are there structural differences in which voting/political systems are more susceptible to insurgent/populist/"far right" political movements?
President Donald Trump's "extreme vetting" plan- bigotry or beneficial?
What are the repercussions of the Trump administration cracking down on public releases of information from the EPA and USDA?
The Dow Jones Industrial Average has topped 20k for the first time in history. Does this effect your opinion of Trmp's recent policy proposals?
What are the realistic implications of the President's position that 3-5M people voted illegally for Clinton? How significant is the Republican congressional and media backlash going to be in the coming weeks?
Press Secretary Sean Spicer has reiterated the claim that 3-5 million people voted for Clinton illegally, and that President Trump is considering launching an investigation into this. How would such an investigation proceed? What will be the likely findings?
Could switching parties for the primary elections mend some of our party polarization in America?
Who stands to benefit from the construction and operation of the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines?
How was George HW Bush as a president?
Idaho Democratic Party executive director Sally Brown announced her intention to run for DNC chair. What are her chances?
What if the United States split?
Automation's impact on tomorrow's social contract
What happens if China becomes the world's economic superpower?
Trump, the Unions, and it's effect on the political spectrum.
Trump has signed an executive order formally withdrawing the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership
How does everybody feel about the REINS Act?
Republicans present alternative to Obamacare: Keep it if you want
What are the real implications of making congressional documents 'private property'?
Is it imperative that mainland Europe become militarily independent of the USA or is this just a blip?
Donald Trump has issued an executive order to freeze federal hiring
What would be the most feasible path for a third party or multiparty system in the American political system?
How do we counter the social trend towards clustering with like-minded people?
Is seeing the political spectrum as a pyramid more accurate than seeing it as a line?
What would be considered the most influential unsuccessful Presidential campaign?
Why is it such a bold move to move the US Embassy From Tel Aviv to Jerusalem?
What is the best campaign documentary?
A poll shows that 46% of Massachusetts voters think someone else should have a turn at Elizabeth Warren's senate seat and her net favorability is the lowest recorded. How vulnerable is she?
The Patient Freedom Act was announced today
Why was Trump's first executive action to cancel Obama's HUD's mortgage premium cuts?
What would be the effect of the repeal of NAFTA on the average American's life, if any?
How do you think the Tech Industry will fair and be affected by the new U.S. Administration?
What is the practical difference between an Executive Order and a Presidential Memoranda?
Pres. Trump plans on cutting regulations by 75% and imposing border taxes. What affect will this have on US jobs and the economy?
What will the effects of other nations' phase-out of coal power generation be on the Trump Administration's energy policy?
What Possible Coalitions Could Create Democratic Party That Would Reverse Urban/Rural Divide?
NY Times Reports That Trump Has Officially Withdrawn Signature From TPP
What should the Democrats do to regain power in your opinion? Where should they go from here?
What will the effects be of higher import taxes (into the US)?
Why was John Edwards considered a rising star?
With the Republicans having control of the House, Senate, and Presidency, what are the chances the Hearing Protection Act (HPA) passes?
If Trump is sued
Following President Trump's inauguration, Israel approved hundreds of new settlement homes. Where does the Israeli-Palestinian peace process go from here? How do changes to the political environment in the US and elsewhere affect prospects for peace?
How much influence can the Trump administration have on government data?
Why isn't the president's cabinet citizen elected?
Are the recent acts committed during the post-inauguration riot to be considered "violent" or not?
House bill introduced that would withdraw the the US from the UN
How likely is the American Sovereignty Restoration Act of 2017 to pass and what effects would it have if it does?
How would a modern nation build an empire?
What would it take to get the States to provide Electoral Votes based on the % of Vote you received in the State instead of rewarding all the votes to the State's winner?
Trump and NAFTA
What is the best case scenario for the Democrats regarding SCOTUS?
Trump has announced he will go meet with Mexican and Canadian leaders about renegotiating NAFTA. What are the likely ramifications of such an action?
Press Secretary Sean Spicer claims that the Trump administration is "going to hold the press accountable as well." Does this constitute as a legitimate threat to the press?
The American Sovereignty Restoration Act of 2017, a bill to remove the United States from the UN, was introduced to the house. What are the ramifications of its creation, and is it likely to be passed?
How does the Presidential Records Act (PRA) affect the ability of Trump to delete his tweets?
Were there any "good" US presidents since Lincoln?
Media narrative of party schisms
Barack Obama says Democrats need to get smarter about tech taking jobs--how do they do it?
How will the presence of social media affect future generations running for political office?
What do you think of Mattis and his quick action on ISIS?
How will 2020 demographics impact US elections?
Is automation an avenue to explore the benefits and drawbacks of a universal basic income?
The Women's March. What impact could it have?
H.R. 193 - American Sovereignty Restoration Act of 2017 introduced to the House; What would the effects be of the United States repealing the United Nations Participation Act of 1945?
Why is national debt attributed to the president?
If the ACA is repealed, can we expect more repeals to follow? Will back-and-forth be the future of major issues? Are there any previous examples of this?
Trump reportedly planning a flurry of executive orders, but withholding details. What do you think are the most likely executive orders Trump will sign his first week in office?
Could currently untapped industries such as marijuana be used to replace lost coal mining jobs in Appalachia?
Donald Trump said he is “ready to unlock the mystery of space and the free the earth from disease.” What mysteries will he unlock and what diseases will he cure?
What are the justifications for maintaining representative democracy instead of adopting direct democracy?
Donald Trump wants to Rebuild American Infrastructure
What's the best way to measure the success of our government?
What would each party claim as major accomplishments over the past 25 years?
Joe Biden's son Hunter says that if it were up to him, his father would start running for president "starting tomorrow." Would Biden be a serious contender for the Democratic nomination at his age in four years?
Questions About Federal Funding and Planned Parenthood
stop wasting our time with reports
No, seriously, stop wasting our time with reports
Microchipping Humans: First They Traded Freedom for Security, Now It's Privacy for Convenience
Ben Shapiro: Venezuela collapses, the Left pretends it's never heard of that place
California Bans ICE Agents from State Labor Offices to Protect illegal Workers
Australian cafe charges a 'man tax'
Trump Gives Great Speech On Immigration, The Economy, And Making America Great Again
Iceland kicked the FBI out of their country after Mueller sent eight FBI agents to frame Julian Assange in 2011
Immigration and Social Engineering
About Walls
UKIP Nigel Farage Speaking At 'Young America's Foundation' Conference
Political Correctness is getting worse and these are some examples
US Troops Are Now Officially Fighting on the Ground in Yemen
Prevent suicide and get free healthcare for everyone in USA by retweeting and posting
Take me out to the ballgame.
North Korea: China urges neighbour to stop missile tests
Liberal JEW shill says that Asians are "over-represented" (translation: There are too many Asians)
German couple jailed for brutal rape-murder of Chinese student
"You Are The Wrong Colour" Asian Community Speaks Up Against Affirmative Action
Stefan Molyneux: MY BIGGEST RED PILL
WHY THE GLOBAL ELITE HATE PUTIN
Interview with Cha founding co-editor Tammy Ho Lai-Ming
The Greg Gutfeld show
Top McMaster Ally Bill Kristol Plotting to Primary, Oust Trump: Must 'Take One Shot' at Removing POTUS
Immigration in America 101
Planned Parenthood to Preschoolers: ‘Genitals Don’t Make You a Boy or Girl’
Canada needs to come to terms with the migration crisis Trump is creating: Neil Macdonald - CBC News
Rwandan Migrant Jailed for Brutal Rape After He Became 'Sexually Aroused' in a Nightclub
Analyzing The Politcon 2017 Debates: Cenk Uygur VS Ben Shapiro
Scale of media leaks against Trump indicates US Deep State coup agenda
Is the Expanding U.S. Military Presence in Syria Legal?
Will China Dominate the World?
Leaked email shows (Clinton mole) Loretta Lynch hiding her identity from Department of Justice officials
CNN's Navarro to Jeff Lord: "It Must Be So Nice To Be A White Male"
BREAKING: Globalists Purging Infowars Followers From White House Staff
Former SAS Compadre Phil Campion Says "Bad Ppl Are Targeting Our Children," and Wants "Downing Street to Take Firm Action Against Islamist Terrorism" - Yeah abortioners are the ones targeting children and they are led by Jews, they did 911 and sponsored the False Moslem invasion in the first place
The New Superpower - China holds military parade to mark PLA's 90th birthday
The Take Down Of George Soros
In 2013 Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post for $250Million, 4 months later he was awarded a $600million contract with the CIA. Wapo refuses to report on their CIA connection.
The Plan To Replace Humanity With AI Revealed
Hurry up Mom I am late for the whiny protest march
Democrats fear Russia probe blowback 'We need to talk about what people think about when they wake up in the morning, and it’s not Russia,' said one strategist.
FOIA Dump Reveals Federal Election Rigging Collusion Between Clinton, Lynch, FBI And Media
Art Student in China Gets In Trouble For Placing Dildo Atop Flagpole
Former Democratic National Committee Head Wasserman-Schultz Gives New Information On Why She Protected Her Criminal IT Guy
The Trump administration is waging war on diversity
Federalist.com Beats the Confederacy Drum - Mean to say the same chicken sh*t dogs who lack the courage to so much as shake their fist at the Jews who attacked the US on 911, are gonna claim the right to carry out slaughter and warfare under the banner of the Confederacy which was a Jew plot anyway?
Trump Says the Russia Sanctions Bill Is Unconstitutional. He’s Mostly Right.
Explosive Claims Further The Seth Rich Investigation (Wikileaks confirms, second cell phone, 22 caliber gun, Rich’s own brother – stonewalling)
Senate Stays in Pro-Forma Session During August Recess — Constitutional Duty or Blocking Trump?
Evidence from The Washington Post Indicates Trump Committed Criminal Tax Fraud – VibesRoll•com
They hate the greats
We do not hire liberals...makes sense after you read it huh ?
Breaking! They Just Called For Trump To Fire McMaster And The Entire NSC Staff!
Revealed: In 1939, China planned to resettle persecuted European Jews
After bankrupting the DNC for personal gain, Hillary starts her own Clinton dark money super PAC
Judicial Watch Warns California: 11 Counties Have More Voters than Voting-Age Citizens
....thank God for that
California speaker recall effort reflects Democratic tension
Trump Supporter Shut Down For Trying To Give POTUS Credit For Obama's Economy
War on White People: Acid attacks on white people in UK treated as minor crimes
Radioactive: Democrats Are Starting To See Nancy Pelosi as A Cancer
Scaramucci Not Ready To Give Up The Attention Despite Saying He'd 'Go Dark'.
'We Will Find You': White House Ominously Vows to Destroy Whistleblowers—End Transparency
MacLean's Book Takes Progressive Conspiracy Theories to a New Level
Term Limit Poster Child -2017--------You Decide
Tom Hanks for president! Michael Moore says the Democrats should run a popular celebrity against Donald Trump in 2020 and defies anyone NOT to vote for the Oscar winner
The Pyramid of the Moon at Teotihuacán, Mexico in 3D - Part of the western &amp; northern faces has been sheared off from the top tier to ground level, which is the most visible evidence of alien technology associated with the structure ..
OUT OF CONTROL: 43% of All Rapes in Sweden Are Committed Against Children
Scot Sedition: June 24, Treasonmeeting 2?
Putinâs Top Advisor Warns The World Of Globalist, Satanic AI Takeover Plan
Islamic Invasion: Muslim migrants 'threw Christians overboard during row on boat from Libya to Italy' (2015)
'It's a terrible thing' - Ron Paul on newly-signed US anti-Russian sanctions
China ups ante in high-altitude standoff with India
If Beto O'Rourke wins in Texas against Ted Cruz...
Maxine Waters Says Putin, Er, Pence Needs to Be Impeached After Trump
I appreciate this sub for not being fascist liberal censors of opinions.
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
Trump administration rolls out telehealth services for veterans
Jeff Sessions Floats Media Subpoenas As Part Of Crackdown On Leaks.
"Red Friday" 2017, A Movement To Boycott Black Friday
Trump starts vacation | TheHill
Liz Warren Says Trump Waging ‘All-Out Assault On US Workers.’ A Day Later, Unemployment Hits 16-Year Low
Has the transgender movement successfully hijacked our language?
Democrats can get away with anything
Illegal Mexican Invaders Killed Colorado High Students Execution Style
Lynch Colluded with WaPo, NYTimes to Bury Tarmac Meeting Story
LA made $1.3B in illegal immigrant welfare payouts in just 2 years
Would you even care if he was guilty?
After Green Card Revamp, Trump Says Migrants Won't Get Welfare for 5 Years
Why Liberty Is So Hard to Sell -- And Can We Do Anything About It?
China Communist Party Expanding Internet Crackdown
I'd like to know more about this jar. Any ideas? It's 24K gold plating (supposedly), looks like a face cream jar.
Donald Trump likely to resign before Congress can impeach him, says senior Democrat
Dem tells Obama: 'We miss your intellect and integrity' in the White House.
‘Germany is a MESS’ Merkel tells Trump she REGRETS opening borders to migrants
What It Will Finally Take to Put Hillary Clinton Behind Bars
Mass-Media Ignores Federal Lawsuit by Democrats Accusing the Clinton DNC of Fraud
US economy adds 209K jobs in July
Shocking Footage Of Saudi Siege Against Own Citizens
Donald Trump Must Fire Swamp Thing Robert Mueller
Poll: Majority Of Americans Don't Like Black Lives Matter
stop wasting our time with reports
No, seriously, stop wasting our time with reports
Microchipping Humans: First They Traded Freedom for Security, Now It's Privacy for Convenience
Ben Shapiro: Venezuela collapses, the Left pretends it's never heard of that place
California Bans ICE Agents from State Labor Offices to Protect illegal Workers
Australian cafe charges a 'man tax'
Trump Gives Great Speech On Immigration, The Economy, And Making America Great Again
Iceland kicked the FBI out of their country after Mueller sent eight FBI agents to frame Julian Assange in 2011
Immigration and Social Engineering
About Walls
UKIP Nigel Farage Speaking At 'Young America's Foundation' Conference
Political Correctness is getting worse and these are some examples
US Troops Are Now Officially Fighting on the Ground in Yemen
Prevent suicide and get free healthcare for everyone in USA by retweeting and posting
Take me out to the ballgame.
North Korea: China urges neighbour to stop missile tests
Liberal JEW shill says that Asians are "over-represented" (translation: There are too many Asians)
German couple jailed for brutal rape-murder of Chinese student
"You Are The Wrong Colour" Asian Community Speaks Up Against Affirmative Action
Stefan Molyneux: MY BIGGEST RED PILL
WHY THE GLOBAL ELITE HATE PUTIN
Interview with Cha founding co-editor Tammy Ho Lai-Ming
The Greg Gutfeld show
Top McMaster Ally Bill Kristol Plotting to Primary, Oust Trump: Must 'Take One Shot' at Removing POTUS
Immigration in America 101
Planned Parenthood to Preschoolers: ‘Genitals Don’t Make You a Boy or Girl’
Canada needs to come to terms with the migration crisis Trump is creating: Neil Macdonald - CBC News
Rwandan Migrant Jailed for Brutal Rape After He Became 'Sexually Aroused' in a Nightclub
Analyzing The Politcon 2017 Debates: Cenk Uygur VS Ben Shapiro
Scale of media leaks against Trump indicates US Deep State coup agenda
Is the Expanding U.S. Military Presence in Syria Legal?
Will China Dominate the World?
Leaked email shows (Clinton mole) Loretta Lynch hiding her identity from Department of Justice officials
CNN's Navarro to Jeff Lord: "It Must Be So Nice To Be A White Male"
BREAKING: Globalists Purging Infowars Followers From White House Staff
Former SAS Compadre Phil Campion Says "Bad Ppl Are Targeting Our Children," and Wants "Downing Street to Take Firm Action Against Islamist Terrorism" - Yeah abortioners are the ones targeting children and they are led by Jews, they did 911 and sponsored the False Moslem invasion in the first place
The New Superpower - China holds military parade to mark PLA's 90th birthday
The Take Down Of George Soros
In 2013 Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post for $250Million, 4 months later he was awarded a $600million contract with the CIA. Wapo refuses to report on their CIA connection.
The Plan To Replace Humanity With AI Revealed
Hurry up Mom I am late for the whiny protest march
Democrats fear Russia probe blowback 'We need to talk about what people think about when they wake up in the morning, and it’s not Russia,' said one strategist.
FOIA Dump Reveals Federal Election Rigging Collusion Between Clinton, Lynch, FBI And Media
Art Student in China Gets In Trouble For Placing Dildo Atop Flagpole
Former Democratic National Committee Head Wasserman-Schultz Gives New Information On Why She Protected Her Criminal IT Guy
The Trump administration is waging war on diversity
Federalist.com Beats the Confederacy Drum - Mean to say the same chicken sh*t dogs who lack the courage to so much as shake their fist at the Jews who attacked the US on 911, are gonna claim the right to carry out slaughter and warfare under the banner of the Confederacy which was a Jew plot anyway?
Trump Says the Russia Sanctions Bill Is Unconstitutional. He’s Mostly Right.
Explosive Claims Further The Seth Rich Investigation (Wikileaks confirms, second cell phone, 22 caliber gun, Rich’s own brother – stonewalling)
Senate Stays in Pro-Forma Session During August Recess — Constitutional Duty or Blocking Trump?
Evidence from The Washington Post Indicates Trump Committed Criminal Tax Fraud – VibesRoll•com
They hate the greats
We do not hire liberals...makes sense after you read it huh ?
Breaking! They Just Called For Trump To Fire McMaster And The Entire NSC Staff!
Revealed: In 1939, China planned to resettle persecuted European Jews
After bankrupting the DNC for personal gain, Hillary starts her own Clinton dark money super PAC
Judicial Watch Warns California: 11 Counties Have More Voters than Voting-Age Citizens
....thank God for that
California speaker recall effort reflects Democratic tension
Trump Supporter Shut Down For Trying To Give POTUS Credit For Obama's Economy
War on White People: Acid attacks on white people in UK treated as minor crimes
Radioactive: Democrats Are Starting To See Nancy Pelosi as A Cancer
Scaramucci Not Ready To Give Up The Attention Despite Saying He'd 'Go Dark'.
'We Will Find You': White House Ominously Vows to Destroy Whistleblowers—End Transparency
MacLean's Book Takes Progressive Conspiracy Theories to a New Level
Term Limit Poster Child -2017--------You Decide
Tom Hanks for president! Michael Moore says the Democrats should run a popular celebrity against Donald Trump in 2020 and defies anyone NOT to vote for the Oscar winner
The Pyramid of the Moon at Teotihuacán, Mexico in 3D - Part of the western &amp; northern faces has been sheared off from the top tier to ground level, which is the most visible evidence of alien technology associated with the structure ..
OUT OF CONTROL: 43% of All Rapes in Sweden Are Committed Against Children
Scot Sedition: June 24, Treasonmeeting 2?
Putinâs Top Advisor Warns The World Of Globalist, Satanic AI Takeover Plan
Islamic Invasion: Muslim migrants 'threw Christians overboard during row on boat from Libya to Italy' (2015)
'It's a terrible thing' - Ron Paul on newly-signed US anti-Russian sanctions
China ups ante in high-altitude standoff with India
If Beto O'Rourke wins in Texas against Ted Cruz...
Maxine Waters Says Putin, Er, Pence Needs to Be Impeached After Trump
I appreciate this sub for not being fascist liberal censors of opinions.
Murder conviction in Blackwater case thrown out, other sentences overturned
Trump administration rolls out telehealth services for veterans
Jeff Sessions Floats Media Subpoenas As Part Of Crackdown On Leaks.
"Red Friday" 2017, A Movement To Boycott Black Friday
Trump starts vacation | TheHill
Liz Warren Says Trump Waging ‘All-Out Assault On US Workers.’ A Day Later, Unemployment Hits 16-Year Low
Has the transgender movement successfully hijacked our language?
Democrats can get away with anything
Illegal Mexican Invaders Killed Colorado High Students Execution Style
Lynch Colluded with WaPo, NYTimes to Bury Tarmac Meeting Story
LA made $1.3B in illegal immigrant welfare payouts in just 2 years
Would you even care if he was guilty?
After Green Card Revamp, Trump Says Migrants Won't Get Welfare for 5 Years
Why Liberty Is So Hard to Sell -- And Can We Do Anything About It?
China Communist Party Expanding Internet Crackdown
I'd like to know more about this jar. Any ideas? It's 24K gold plating (supposedly), looks like a face cream jar.
Donald Trump likely to resign before Congress can impeach him, says senior Democrat
Dem tells Obama: 'We miss your intellect and integrity' in the White House.
‘Germany is a MESS’ Merkel tells Trump she REGRETS opening borders to migrants
What It Will Finally Take to Put Hillary Clinton Behind Bars
Mass-Media Ignores Federal Lawsuit by Democrats Accusing the Clinton DNC of Fraud
US economy adds 209K jobs in July
Shocking Footage Of Saudi Siege Against Own Citizens
Donald Trump Must Fire Swamp Thing Robert Mueller
Poll: Majority Of Americans Don't Like Black Lives Matter
FULL SPEECH: President Trump BIG ANNOUNCEMENT SPEECH Rally Huntington,West Virginia, West virginia Governor Jim Justice has defected from the Democratic Party
ICE Arrests 33 In Western Michigan In Latest Illegal Immigration Sweep
Waters: Mueller is 'going to win'
China and Russia's friendship is Trump's biggest nightmare
Rush Limbaugh reacts to Stephen Miller and Jim Acosta sparring
War On White People: For the first time in Harvard University’s history, the majority of students accepted into the incoming freshman class are not white, a milestone for an institution that prides itself on educating future presidents, CEOs, and world leaders.
Politico Publishes Piece Accusing Stephen Miller Of Anti-Semitism Despite The Fact He’s Jewish
THE ORIGINAL! TRUMP IS DEEPLY TROUBLED BY RUSSIAN CRITICS SO HE ATTACKS ...
Krauthammer: Dispute Between POTUS, Mueller, and Congress Could be A 'Threat' to 'Constitutional Stability' - Breitbart
Merchants Of Death In Wonder Woman
The Death of Discourse
Seymour Hersh States Seth Rich Was WikiLeaks Source
Liberals are Losing the Culture War
DREAMer accused of brutally raping woman in Seattle suburb
Killer Mike Wants Poor Black People Off Of Government Assistance
Trump Warns of Cold War Escalation, Attacks Congress in Sanctions Release
DOJ Document Dump to ACLJ on Clinton Lynch Meeting: Comey FBI Lied, Media Collusion, Spin, and Illegality
Nick Ferrarri On LBC - Tory MEPs Say 'We Need To Get On With It'
Sobering news for $15 minimum-wage boosters
Starting Tonight, GOP Will Have Full Control of 26 States
Report: H.R. McMaster 'Increasingly Volatile' and 'Frequently Blows His Top'
Algore- sounds like a fungus- doubling down on what he doesn't even believe today -w/ another BS movie
*US dropped 1634 bombs on Afghanistan in 1st half of 2017 - and no one follows up them. Kids as young as 12 considered militants if near air strikes*
Boomerang effect:After US-Saudi Arabia Arms Deal,Saudi Arabia Plans To Sell North Korea Sophisticated Missiles Which Could Provoke A War Against US
H.R. McMaster Promised Susan Rice She Could Keep Security Clearance in Secret Letter
Isolated Trump Flails Helplessly as He Bows to Irrational Policies on Russia and Europe Imposed by Congress
Trumps Facial Measurements May Have Told Us Why He Won The Election
Democrats Keep Moving Right - Even On Abortion
Harvard’s incoming class is majority nonwhite - The Boston Globe
Secret Hillary Emails Show Pay to Play Dealings With North Korea, China, Iran, Etc. - DCWhispers.com
Why China and Saudi Arabia Are Building Bases in Djibouti
The difference between a social conservative and a libertarian.
Chelsea Clinton laughed off Twitter for scolding WH interns
Happy Birthday to the best Muslim President we ever had
New FBI chief: Work must be driven by facts
Boy Scouts and the loss of faith in American institutions.
Hacked Congressional emails will prove most Congress members new of Saudi 911 inside job connection for years. Thus nobody is making a big deal of this huge security breach.
Kelly Knight Craft confirmed by U.S. Senate as ambassador to Canada
China 'coordinating with U.S imperialists ' in #SouthChinaSea search for missing U.S. sailor
Nelson concedes in Seattle council race; Mosqueda to face Grant in November
The Left Eats it's Own
Trump flees for luxury vacation as grand jury pursues Russia collusion
Deep State, Neocons &amp; Media pressured Trump to pass Russia sanctions
Trump-supported immigration bill seen ending family-based system, triggers outcry
MSNBC Host Seems Surprised the Majority of Americans Want Immigrants to Learn English
America Should Not Cheer on an India-China Fight
Diplomats laughing at Trump over leaked Mexico transcript
Scaramucci gets fired: The Rise and Fall of Mooch Stock
"American dream is to be Donald Trump"- oooh, that has got to hurt
Mainstream Medias Censor The Video Proving U.S. delivered Weapons To The Islamic State By Airdrop
Military Thanks Trump for Transgender Ban: ‘Courageous Decision’
August Is a National "Stop Blaming White People" Month!
21 eye-popping quotes from Trump's calls with the leaders of Mexico and Australia
Amazon Jobs Day: How many people did Amazon hire?
Obama Holdovers Gain Ground in Trump’s National Security Council
Fears for undocumented Irish in America over new Trump immigrant proposal
Why did Trump's approval rating dip the past ~4 days? I don't closely follow the news.
WikiLeaks has published an excerpt from a 1988 cable between the #US State Department and its Caracas embassy: – " US Goals, Objectives and Resource Management for Venezuela” – which highlights the significance of Venezuela's oil reserves to US rulers.
Warning: Top Generals Moving Against President Trump
Top official on the National Security Council was fired last month by National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster reportedly after he argued in a memo that President Trump’s administration is under sustained attack from globalists and Islamists.
The 2020 Democratic Candidate- the best mind they've got
Could Paul LePage defeat Angus King in a U.S. Senate race?
House Judiciary Member: Mueller Legally Required To Resign Over ‘Conflict Of Interest’
Straight Pride- making babies since Adam &amp; Eve
What Would Really Happen If California Seceded?
Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull Says Donald Trump is a "Complete Idiot" - The "Celebrating Jews of 911" and the Mossad cell that spawned them have had safe haven in Brisbane since day 1, what if DT were to demand his arrest for granting comfort to terrorists which is a capital offense under US Law?
Apple, China, and a Look Behind the 'Great Firewall'
H.R. McMaster Promised Susan Rice She Could Keep Security Clearance in Secret Letter
Blind Enrollment: The Alternative to Affirmative Action
US Ignores Saudi Beheading Activists, Labels Venezuela Dictatorship Despite Election
City Council Considers Stance On Protecting Immigrants From Federal Agents
Conflicting Visions - Walter E. Williams
Russian disinformation is 'hostile' to Robert Mueller, backs Donald Trump, new website shows (Commentary) | OregonLive.com
MTV’s Gore Town Hall Proves It Should Stick to Music
Jim Acosta's rambling non-answer draws a sharp rebuke. 🤡
Death by Socialism
Jim Acosta tries to answer a simple question, and fails!
BACON - worse than child molesting ? In Liberal land...it is
Judges consider delay, injunction in Maryland gerrymandering case
Retired generals, admirals thank President Trump for banning transgender troops
Hey ya, ya, ya, Hey , ya, ya, ya---Impeach ! , ya, ya, ya!
Will Mr. Tillerson’s State Department Abandon Reagan’s Goals Of Right And Justice?
How to Set Up Good Relations With Russia | Why Some countries need this
‘My 5-month old son is slowly going blind in prison,’ says jailed mother
Either Robert Mueller should resign, or we need two special counsels.
TRUMP ORDERS JUSTICE DEPARTMENT TO SUE SCHOOLS THAT USE AFFIRMATIVE ACTION
Seymour Hersh Cracks Clinton Corruption AKA "RussiaGate"
http://www.bbc.com/news/business-40811712
Supreme Court case may shake up elections
How do we combat the hive mind and group think? A study shows that a single upvote is enough to influence the final score of a submission by 25%. Imagine what a few hundred upvotes could do (and you can buy hundreds for a few dollars).
Former US Attorney General Eric Holder to Address Growing role of Partisan Gerrymandering in ...
Cruel September looms for GOP.
Why Barack Obama is back for one night
YouTube's New Censorship Will Creep You Out
Ethics Watchdog Files Complaint Against Wasserman Schultz: Not only did Wasserman Schultz retain Awan’s services after the scandal broke, she threatened the chief of the U.S. Capitol Police with “consequences”
Jail this clown !
Tucker Carlson Tonight 8/2/17 - Tucker Carlson Fox News August 2, 2017 Jim Acosta vs. Stephen Miller
Trump to take first vacation since January inauguration
Girl Taken From Parents By CPS, Murdered By Pedophile Foster Parents
Ann Coulter destroys Ana Kasparian at Politicon FULL DEBATE
FULL SPEECH: President Trump BIG ANNOUNCEMENT SPEECH Rally Huntington,West Virginia, West virginia Governor Jim Justice has defected from the Democratic Party
ICE Arrests 33 In Western Michigan In Latest Illegal Immigration Sweep
Waters: Mueller is 'going to win'
China and Russia's friendship is Trump's biggest nightmare
Rush Limbaugh reacts to Stephen Miller and Jim Acosta sparring
War On White People: For the first time in Harvard University’s history, the majority of students accepted into the incoming freshman class are not white, a milestone for an institution that prides itself on educating future presidents, CEOs, and world leaders.
Politico Publishes Piece Accusing Stephen Miller Of Anti-Semitism Despite The Fact He’s Jewish
THE ORIGINAL! TRUMP IS DEEPLY TROUBLED BY RUSSIAN CRITICS SO HE ATTACKS ...
Krauthammer: Dispute Between POTUS, Mueller, and Congress Could be A 'Threat' to 'Constitutional Stability' - Breitbart
Merchants Of Death In Wonder Woman
The Death of Discourse
Seymour Hersh States Seth Rich Was WikiLeaks Source
Liberals are Losing the Culture War
DREAMer accused of brutally raping woman in Seattle suburb
Killer Mike Wants Poor Black People Off Of Government Assistance
Trump Warns of Cold War Escalation, Attacks Congress in Sanctions Release
DOJ Document Dump to ACLJ on Clinton Lynch Meeting: Comey FBI Lied, Media Collusion, Spin, and Illegality
Nick Ferrarri On LBC - Tory MEPs Say 'We Need To Get On With It'
Sobering news for $15 minimum-wage boosters
Starting Tonight, GOP Will Have Full Control of 26 States
Report: H.R. McMaster 'Increasingly Volatile' and 'Frequently Blows His Top'
Algore- sounds like a fungus- doubling down on what he doesn't even believe today -w/ another BS movie
*US dropped 1634 bombs on Afghanistan in 1st half of 2017 - and no one follows up them. Kids as young as 12 considered militants if near air strikes*
Boomerang effect:After US-Saudi Arabia Arms Deal,Saudi Arabia Plans To Sell North Korea Sophisticated Missiles Which Could Provoke A War Against US
H.R. McMaster Promised Susan Rice She Could Keep Security Clearance in Secret Letter
Isolated Trump Flails Helplessly as He Bows to Irrational Policies on Russia and Europe Imposed by Congress
Trumps Facial Measurements May Have Told Us Why He Won The Election
Democrats Keep Moving Right - Even On Abortion
Harvard’s incoming class is majority nonwhite - The Boston Globe
Secret Hillary Emails Show Pay to Play Dealings With North Korea, China, Iran, Etc. - DCWhispers.com
Why China and Saudi Arabia Are Building Bases in Djibouti
The difference between a social conservative and a libertarian.
Chelsea Clinton laughed off Twitter for scolding WH interns
Happy Birthday to the best Muslim President we ever had
New FBI chief: Work must be driven by facts
Boy Scouts and the loss of faith in American institutions.
Hacked Congressional emails will prove most Congress members new of Saudi 911 inside job connection for years. Thus nobody is making a big deal of this huge security breach.
Kelly Knight Craft confirmed by U.S. Senate as ambassador to Canada
China 'coordinating with U.S imperialists ' in #SouthChinaSea search for missing U.S. sailor
Nelson concedes in Seattle council race; Mosqueda to face Grant in November
The Left Eats it's Own
Trump flees for luxury vacation as grand jury pursues Russia collusion
Deep State, Neocons &amp; Media pressured Trump to pass Russia sanctions
Trump-supported immigration bill seen ending family-based system, triggers outcry
MSNBC Host Seems Surprised the Majority of Americans Want Immigrants to Learn English
America Should Not Cheer on an India-China Fight
Diplomats laughing at Trump over leaked Mexico transcript
Scaramucci gets fired: The Rise and Fall of Mooch Stock
"American dream is to be Donald Trump"- oooh, that has got to hurt
Mainstream Medias Censor The Video Proving U.S. delivered Weapons To The Islamic State By Airdrop
Military Thanks Trump for Transgender Ban: ‘Courageous Decision’
August Is a National "Stop Blaming White People" Month!
21 eye-popping quotes from Trump's calls with the leaders of Mexico and Australia
Amazon Jobs Day: How many people did Amazon hire?
Obama Holdovers Gain Ground in Trump’s National Security Council
Fears for undocumented Irish in America over new Trump immigrant proposal
Why did Trump's approval rating dip the past ~4 days? I don't closely follow the news.
WikiLeaks has published an excerpt from a 1988 cable between the #US State Department and its Caracas embassy: – " US Goals, Objectives and Resource Management for Venezuela” – which highlights the significance of Venezuela's oil reserves to US rulers.
Warning: Top Generals Moving Against President Trump
Top official on the National Security Council was fired last month by National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster reportedly after he argued in a memo that President Trump’s administration is under sustained attack from globalists and Islamists.
The 2020 Democratic Candidate- the best mind they've got
Could Paul LePage defeat Angus King in a U.S. Senate race?
House Judiciary Member: Mueller Legally Required To Resign Over ‘Conflict Of Interest’
Straight Pride- making babies since Adam &amp; Eve
What Would Really Happen If California Seceded?
Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull Says Donald Trump is a "Complete Idiot" - The "Celebrating Jews of 911" and the Mossad cell that spawned them have had safe haven in Brisbane since day 1, what if DT were to demand his arrest for granting comfort to terrorists which is a capital offense under US Law?
Apple, China, and a Look Behind the 'Great Firewall'
H.R. McMaster Promised Susan Rice She Could Keep Security Clearance in Secret Letter
Blind Enrollment: The Alternative to Affirmative Action
US Ignores Saudi Beheading Activists, Labels Venezuela Dictatorship Despite Election
City Council Considers Stance On Protecting Immigrants From Federal Agents
Conflicting Visions - Walter E. Williams
Russian disinformation is 'hostile' to Robert Mueller, backs Donald Trump, new website shows (Commentary) | OregonLive.com
MTV’s Gore Town Hall Proves It Should Stick to Music
Jim Acosta's rambling non-answer draws a sharp rebuke. 🤡
Death by Socialism
Jim Acosta tries to answer a simple question, and fails!
BACON - worse than child molesting ? In Liberal land...it is
Judges consider delay, injunction in Maryland gerrymandering case
Retired generals, admirals thank President Trump for banning transgender troops
Hey ya, ya, ya, Hey , ya, ya, ya---Impeach ! , ya, ya, ya!
Will Mr. Tillerson’s State Department Abandon Reagan’s Goals Of Right And Justice?
How to Set Up Good Relations With Russia | Why Some countries need this
‘My 5-month old son is slowly going blind in prison,’ says jailed mother
Either Robert Mueller should resign, or we need two special counsels.
TRUMP ORDERS JUSTICE DEPARTMENT TO SUE SCHOOLS THAT USE AFFIRMATIVE ACTION
Seymour Hersh Cracks Clinton Corruption AKA "RussiaGate"
http://www.bbc.com/news/business-40811712
Supreme Court case may shake up elections
How do we combat the hive mind and group think? A study shows that a single upvote is enough to influence the final score of a submission by 25%. Imagine what a few hundred upvotes could do (and you can buy hundreds for a few dollars).
Former US Attorney General Eric Holder to Address Growing role of Partisan Gerrymandering in ...
Cruel September looms for GOP.
Why Barack Obama is back for one night
YouTube's New Censorship Will Creep You Out
Ethics Watchdog Files Complaint Against Wasserman Schultz: Not only did Wasserman Schultz retain Awan’s services after the scandal broke, she threatened the chief of the U.S. Capitol Police with “consequences”
Jail this clown !
Tucker Carlson Tonight 8/2/17 - Tucker Carlson Fox News August 2, 2017 Jim Acosta vs. Stephen Miller
Trump to take first vacation since January inauguration
Girl Taken From Parents By CPS, Murdered By Pedophile Foster Parents
Ann Coulter destroys Ana Kasparian at Politicon FULL DEBATE
The Democrats new agenda: Steal Donald Trumps agenda
Scaramucci Memo Shows Plans for White House Press Office
Kaitlin Solimine ("Empire of Glass") self-interview
Alex Jones Delivers a Eulogy on Behalf of the Late Jim Marrs - Despite his Texas charm all was not well with JM, as well as muddying the JFK assassination waters and avoiding 911 truth, his deportment at the 1993 Siege of Mount Carmel where eighty eight died secures his place among the wretched
China urges all parties not to heighten tensions on Korean Peninsula
Don't let this story die. Twitter bots keep posting the same message over and over again protecting Seth's murderers. WikiLeaks drop a bomb in form of an audio tape, confirming Rich provided them with email samples.
If Hillary had a hammer .....
Messerattacke in Hamburg: Ahmad A. soll IS-Fahne besessen haben
Obamacare premiums will rise steeply in Ohio in 2018, filings show
HOUSE JUDICIARY MEMBER: Mueller Must Resign Over Conflict --- "Clear Violation Of Federal Code"---oops - another Clinton-ite bites the dust
AP FACT CHECK: Trump immigration pitch on shaky ground - Breitbart
Detenido por descuartizar a una niña y servirla como carne de kebab / Arrested for dismembering a girl and serve as kebab
‘Political Rewind’ replay: Congress puts Donald Trump in a Russian box | Political Insider blog
Hillary- do you even hear yourself when you speak ?
TUCKER CARLSON REACTS TO JIM ACOSTA GETTING DESTROYED BY STEPHEN MILLER
Congressional Investigation Into Wasserman Schultz IT Scandal Moves Forward
"Told Me" — Amy McGrath for Congress Announcement Video (KY-6)
DOJ denies 'personnel posting' reflects new policy on affirmative action
White House aide Stephen Miller calls CNN journalist 'ignorant'
One joke explains Trump's approval ratings
College Professor: ‘I Wish Someone Would Just Shoot' Donald Trump - Breitbart
Remember all those left-wing pundits who drooled over Venezuela?
Conor Oberst: Trump 'wants to replicate Russian oligarchy in America'
Judicial Watch: Huma Abedin Emails Reveal Transmission of Classified Information and Clinton Foundation Donors Receiving Special Treatment from Clinton State Department
Rep. Joe Kennedy Slams Trump For Pitting Americans Against Each Other
George Webb claims Seth Rich was Mossad -- but stresses (implicitly): Seth Rich was not acting on behalf of Mossad when he (Seth) leaked papers to wikileaks -- Crowdsource the Truth w/ Jason Goodman (&amp; watch George eye the camera as he works to downplay the discussion w/ Jason)
Tommy Robinson Is Contacting His Solicitor For Being Thrown Out Of Cambridge
Robert Mueller flew to Moscow to give highly enriched uranium---He Gone !
France, Facing Criticism, Promises the Bare Essentials for Migrants
4 teenage girls raped at Swedish music festival, 11 sexually abused
CNN all the news that is too fake to print
Police Make Arrest in 2003 Case of Grooming Gang Victim Believed Ground Up and Sold as Kebab Meat
New Evidence Ties the Vice President of Ecuador to the Odebrecht Scandal
Read the 'Communications Plan' Scaramucci wrote to WH staffers
Jim Acosta vs Stephen Miller - Immigration - White House Press Briefing 8/2/17
Portland Rape Case Sheds Light on Illegal Alien Sex Crime: More than 100 illegal immigrants have been arrested in North Carolina for child sex assault so far in 2017, study shows
Video:Just 30 days before The Russian Plane Crash In Egypt,US Senator John McCain Says He'd Give Terrorists Means To Shoot Down Russian Planes
[Audio] Seymour Hersh confirms Seth Rich was WikiLeaks source and there was no hack, Wikileaks just tweeted the audio
Al Gore makes for a wonky action hero in 'An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power'
Jermoe Corsi: Seth Rich was the LEAKER - insider report - MURDER was John Brennan CIA operation
Contents of Wasserman Schultz IT Aide’s "Smashed" Hard Drives Seen as Recoverable
Sweden: Migrants are responsible for 95% of all crimes, overrepresented by +430%
Judicial Watch wants criminal probe after more emails show Clinton used State Department position for "pay to play" influence peddling
#DNCTakeback town hall
Awan Brothers Helped Wasserman Schultz Threaten DNC Election Fraud Attorneys
"The 'Deep State' is both the Bushes and the Clintons -- since Fmr. CIA Director George Bush 'contained' Ronald Reagan. The Deep State is doing everything it can to distract you from the Awans smashed hard-drives." -- George Webb ("Rat Line" Series / DAY 285)
Stephen Miller DESTROYS Jim Acosta At WH Briefing On Immigration
Break in the Seth Rich Case- Leaked Tapes (lol@1:26)
THE ORIGINAL! TRUMP &amp; TILLERSON ARE AFRAID TO MAKE PUTIN ANGRY! THAT'S L...
Why all liberals should live in a COMMUNIST state for a month
THE LIBERALS OVER AT THE ECONOMIST FINALLY ADMITTED IT: "When all job differences are accounted for, the pay gap almost disappears"
Hillary Clinton offering penance to the Rothschilds
Court: New Jersey Residents Can’t Mention ’Islam’ or ’Muslim’ at Public Hearing on Mosque
What is Critical Theory?
Youtube Goes Full 1984, Promises to Hide "Offensive" Content Without Recourse- We Must Oppose This
Trump introduces tough merit-based entry rules in bid to HALVE immigration
Venezuelan opposition leader being taken from his home at 12:40 AM by the secret police just one day after the Constituyente took place
NBC calls out Pres. Trump's BS scam
Rubio Explains Why Venezuela's Crisis Matters to Americans
China officially opens its first overseas military base in Djibouti
Exclusive: Former Justice Department Official Joins Mueller Team
White Genocide: Nearly One Quarter of Germans Now Have a Foreign Background
UK: Muslim from pro-Sharia, pro-caliphate group gives keynote speech at Universities UK HQ
What chance for a new 'centre ground' party in the UK?
Rally for redistricting set for Monday
White Man Films BLM. Things Escalate Quickly.
Elizabeth Warren’s real Indian opponent sends her a DNA kit for her birthday. She’s not amused
Knowing DNC Emails Were Going To Expose The DNC’s Efforts To Rig The Primaries Did Hillary Scapegoat Russia to Save Her Campaign?
The man behind Tasmania's electoral system was a visionary
Boy Scouts 'Unaware' of Call Trump Said He Received From Organization Praising Jamboree Speech
Trump Has Finally Erased the Line Between Conservatism and Conspiracy Theories
The Empathy Trap - How the Left and MSM labeled all white people RACISTS
3 Trump Appointees Owe Thousands of Dollars in Back Taxes
Trump administration to take action against China
Mehr als 900 Milliarden Euro Sozialausgaben
Feds arrest 650 illegal immigrants who were ordered to leave the country
Real Fascism: YouTube Will Censor Non-Rulebreaking Content, Manipulate Search Results, And Work With ADL
The 7 Most Mind-Boggling Moments From Trump's Wall Street Journal Interview
Electoral reform law comes into force
SPLC Mississippi schools lawsuit is based on a hoax
Fox News has as much journalistic integrity as the national enquirer. Fox News is why Americans are becoming stupider.
Lawsuit: Fox coordinated with White House on false story
Trump to Announce Legal Immigration Overhaul with Cotton, Perdue on Wednesday
Culture Wars Threaten To Turn Democrats Into Permanent Minority Party
Angela Merkel Destroying Germany As Number Of Non-Germans Hit All-Time High
Jordan Peterson Locked Out of Youtube: Youtube's Faulty Automation Strikes Again? (Twitter/YouTube Censorship)
After Russians Buy A President, Trump And Tillerson Refuse To Counter Putin Propaganda
YouTube to Censor "Controversial" Videos
[review] Funny (but accurate!) portrayal of Chinese new money &amp; family life in America: The Wangs vs The World
EXPLOSIVE ADDITIONAL AUDIO: Seymour Hersh CONFIRMS Seth Rich Wikileaks Contact!
BOOM! Imran Awan Had Access to Every member of Congress -- SOLD SECRETS to Foreign Agents!
Real Fascism: Google And YouTube Ban Jordan B. Peterson Who Refused To Use Gender-Neutral Pronouns
Danish 17-year-old girl who used a pepper spray to fight off a rapist near migrant asylum centre is told SHE will be prosecuted for carrying the weapon
Dinesh D'Souza eviscerates Democratic Party over Nazi ties
Sarah Sanders TRIGGERS the Entire Briefing Room By Destroying Russia Narrative
Seymour Hersh discussing Wikileaks and Seth Rich
Watch Congressman King make the excellent case for the prosecution of Hillary and cronies in this AMAZING rapid fire hearing speech last week!
Democrats past &amp; present- some things never change
Aimed at major, nuclear-armed powers central to the world capitalist economy, Congress issues sanctions bill against Russia, with eye on China. Relentless intensification of commercial, diplomatic and military tensions cannot continue much longer without exploding into war, which is the design.
Beijing Bookworm announces return of annual Literary Festival !!!
The Democrats new agenda: Steal Donald Trumps agenda
Scaramucci Memo Shows Plans for White House Press Office
Kaitlin Solimine ("Empire of Glass") self-interview
Alex Jones Delivers a Eulogy on Behalf of the Late Jim Marrs - Despite his Texas charm all was not well with JM, as well as muddying the JFK assassination waters and avoiding 911 truth, his deportment at the 1993 Siege of Mount Carmel where eighty eight died secures his place among the wretched
China urges all parties not to heighten tensions on Korean Peninsula
Don't let this story die. Twitter bots keep posting the same message over and over again protecting Seth's murderers. WikiLeaks drop a bomb in form of an audio tape, confirming Rich provided them with email samples.
If Hillary had a hammer .....
Messerattacke in Hamburg: Ahmad A. soll IS-Fahne besessen haben
Obamacare premiums will rise steeply in Ohio in 2018, filings show
HOUSE JUDICIARY MEMBER: Mueller Must Resign Over Conflict --- "Clear Violation Of Federal Code"---oops - another Clinton-ite bites the dust
AP FACT CHECK: Trump immigration pitch on shaky ground - Breitbart
Detenido por descuartizar a una niña y servirla como carne de kebab / Arrested for dismembering a girl and serve as kebab
‘Political Rewind’ replay: Congress puts Donald Trump in a Russian box | Political Insider blog
Hillary- do you even hear yourself when you speak ?
TUCKER CARLSON REACTS TO JIM ACOSTA GETTING DESTROYED BY STEPHEN MILLER
Congressional Investigation Into Wasserman Schultz IT Scandal Moves Forward
"Told Me" — Amy McGrath for Congress Announcement Video (KY-6)
DOJ denies 'personnel posting' reflects new policy on affirmative action
White House aide Stephen Miller calls CNN journalist 'ignorant'
One joke explains Trump's approval ratings
College Professor: ‘I Wish Someone Would Just Shoot' Donald Trump - Breitbart
Remember all those left-wing pundits who drooled over Venezuela?
Conor Oberst: Trump 'wants to replicate Russian oligarchy in America'
Judicial Watch: Huma Abedin Emails Reveal Transmission of Classified Information and Clinton Foundation Donors Receiving Special Treatment from Clinton State Department
Rep. Joe Kennedy Slams Trump For Pitting Americans Against Each Other
George Webb claims Seth Rich was Mossad -- but stresses (implicitly): Seth Rich was not acting on behalf of Mossad when he (Seth) leaked papers to wikileaks -- Crowdsource the Truth w/ Jason Goodman (&amp; watch George eye the camera as he works to downplay the discussion w/ Jason)
Tommy Robinson Is Contacting His Solicitor For Being Thrown Out Of Cambridge
Robert Mueller flew to Moscow to give highly enriched uranium---He Gone !
France, Facing Criticism, Promises the Bare Essentials for Migrants
4 teenage girls raped at Swedish music festival, 11 sexually abused
CNN all the news that is too fake to print
Police Make Arrest in 2003 Case of Grooming Gang Victim Believed Ground Up and Sold as Kebab Meat
New Evidence Ties the Vice President of Ecuador to the Odebrecht Scandal
Read the 'Communications Plan' Scaramucci wrote to WH staffers
Jim Acosta vs Stephen Miller - Immigration - White House Press Briefing 8/2/17
Portland Rape Case Sheds Light on Illegal Alien Sex Crime: More than 100 illegal immigrants have been arrested in North Carolina for child sex assault so far in 2017, study shows
Video:Just 30 days before The Russian Plane Crash In Egypt,US Senator John McCain Says He'd Give Terrorists Means To Shoot Down Russian Planes
[Audio] Seymour Hersh confirms Seth Rich was WikiLeaks source and there was no hack, Wikileaks just tweeted the audio
Al Gore makes for a wonky action hero in 'An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power'
Jermoe Corsi: Seth Rich was the LEAKER - insider report - MURDER was John Brennan CIA operation
Contents of Wasserman Schultz IT Aide’s "Smashed" Hard Drives Seen as Recoverable
Sweden: Migrants are responsible for 95% of all crimes, overrepresented by +430%
Judicial Watch wants criminal probe after more emails show Clinton used State Department position for "pay to play" influence peddling
#DNCTakeback town hall
Awan Brothers Helped Wasserman Schultz Threaten DNC Election Fraud Attorneys
"The 'Deep State' is both the Bushes and the Clintons -- since Fmr. CIA Director George Bush 'contained' Ronald Reagan. The Deep State is doing everything it can to distract you from the Awans smashed hard-drives." -- George Webb ("Rat Line" Series / DAY 285)
Stephen Miller DESTROYS Jim Acosta At WH Briefing On Immigration
Break in the Seth Rich Case- Leaked Tapes (lol@1:26)
THE ORIGINAL! TRUMP &amp; TILLERSON ARE AFRAID TO MAKE PUTIN ANGRY! THAT'S L...
Why all liberals should live in a COMMUNIST state for a month
THE LIBERALS OVER AT THE ECONOMIST FINALLY ADMITTED IT: "When all job differences are accounted for, the pay gap almost disappears"
Hillary Clinton offering penance to the Rothschilds
Court: New Jersey Residents Can’t Mention ’Islam’ or ’Muslim’ at Public Hearing on Mosque
What is Critical Theory?
Youtube Goes Full 1984, Promises to Hide "Offensive" Content Without Recourse- We Must Oppose This
Trump introduces tough merit-based entry rules in bid to HALVE immigration
Venezuelan opposition leader being taken from his home at 12:40 AM by the secret police just one day after the Constituyente took place
NBC calls out Pres. Trump's BS scam
Rubio Explains Why Venezuela's Crisis Matters to Americans
China officially opens its first overseas military base in Djibouti
Exclusive: Former Justice Department Official Joins Mueller Team
White Genocide: Nearly One Quarter of Germans Now Have a Foreign Background
UK: Muslim from pro-Sharia, pro-caliphate group gives keynote speech at Universities UK HQ
What chance for a new 'centre ground' party in the UK?
Rally for redistricting set for Monday
White Man Films BLM. Things Escalate Quickly.
Elizabeth Warren’s real Indian opponent sends her a DNA kit for her birthday. She’s not amused
Knowing DNC Emails Were Going To Expose The DNC’s Efforts To Rig The Primaries Did Hillary Scapegoat Russia to Save Her Campaign?
The man behind Tasmania's electoral system was a visionary
Boy Scouts 'Unaware' of Call Trump Said He Received From Organization Praising Jamboree Speech
Trump Has Finally Erased the Line Between Conservatism and Conspiracy Theories
The Empathy Trap - How the Left and MSM labeled all white people RACISTS
3 Trump Appointees Owe Thousands of Dollars in Back Taxes
Trump administration to take action against China
Mehr als 900 Milliarden Euro Sozialausgaben
Feds arrest 650 illegal immigrants who were ordered to leave the country
Real Fascism: YouTube Will Censor Non-Rulebreaking Content, Manipulate Search Results, And Work With ADL
The 7 Most Mind-Boggling Moments From Trump's Wall Street Journal Interview
Electoral reform law comes into force
SPLC Mississippi schools lawsuit is based on a hoax
Fox News has as much journalistic integrity as the national enquirer. Fox News is why Americans are becoming stupider.
Lawsuit: Fox coordinated with White House on false story
Trump to Announce Legal Immigration Overhaul with Cotton, Perdue on Wednesday
Culture Wars Threaten To Turn Democrats Into Permanent Minority Party
Angela Merkel Destroying Germany As Number Of Non-Germans Hit All-Time High
Jordan Peterson Locked Out of Youtube: Youtube's Faulty Automation Strikes Again? (Twitter/YouTube Censorship)
After Russians Buy A President, Trump And Tillerson Refuse To Counter Putin Propaganda
YouTube to Censor "Controversial" Videos
[review] Funny (but accurate!) portrayal of Chinese new money &amp; family life in America: The Wangs vs The World
EXPLOSIVE ADDITIONAL AUDIO: Seymour Hersh CONFIRMS Seth Rich Wikileaks Contact!
BOOM! Imran Awan Had Access to Every member of Congress -- SOLD SECRETS to Foreign Agents!
Real Fascism: Google And YouTube Ban Jordan B. Peterson Who Refused To Use Gender-Neutral Pronouns
Danish 17-year-old girl who used a pepper spray to fight off a rapist near migrant asylum centre is told SHE will be prosecuted for carrying the weapon
Dinesh D'Souza eviscerates Democratic Party over Nazi ties
Sarah Sanders TRIGGERS the Entire Briefing Room By Destroying Russia Narrative
Seymour Hersh discussing Wikileaks and Seth Rich
Watch Congressman King make the excellent case for the prosecution of Hillary and cronies in this AMAZING rapid fire hearing speech last week!
Democrats past &amp; present- some things never change
Aimed at major, nuclear-armed powers central to the world capitalist economy, Congress issues sanctions bill against Russia, with eye on China. Relentless intensification of commercial, diplomatic and military tensions cannot continue much longer without exploding into war, which is the design.
Beijing Bookworm announces return of annual Literary Festival !!!
Mass media reaction to US (Clinton) arming ISIS rebels: Says not doing that "is the right thing to do"
Seth Rich Was WikiLeaks Source States Seymour Hersh in Audio
How Hillary Bullied Tiny Bangladesh To Help Clinton Foundation Donor
Democrat’s "Better Deal” Is Just Another Sh*t Sandwich
Facts to upset Democrats- WHY TRUMP WON- the #s
Audio of Rod Wheeler discussing Seth Rich case
Thank Jimmy Carter &amp; Billy Clinton for North Korea having Nukes-- Thanks MORONS
The ASEAN Security Summits and the South China Sea
"I Reckon So"
Bill Clinton on Virtues of North Korean Nuclear Deal - THANKS Bill ! Great Frickin' idea there
Twitter Stock Crashes As Social Network ‘Cracks Down’ On Alt Right
Streamable - Sarah Huckabee on the fake news media. Eye opening and succinct
Global Warming Hoax- NONE of the predictions have come true- Wake Up !
Russia or a Democrat- which is more trust worthy ?
Live in a Ghetto tomorrow
Sweden: Three African migrants gang-rape 15 y/o girl, none are deported due to “humanitarian considerations”
'Beyonce Professor' Fired After Tweeting He Wishes Someone Would Shoot Trump
Proof Venezuela's Crisis has Nothing to do with Oil (in 30 seconds)
Warmonger Senator Lindsey Graham says the US has a plan to kill thousands in North Korea
Trent Franks: Robert Mueller must resign from Russia probe due to James Comey relationship
THE ORIGINAL! Putin &amp; Trump's Failed Cyber Coup Hastens To Its' End!
Putin tests Trump with counterpunch on sanctions
The Latest SJW Cancer: Cognitive Privilege
MAN EXECUTED In Public At Point Blank Range After Being Convicted Of Raping and Killing 3-Year Old Girl
Real Islamic Rape Culture Imported By "Feminists": Four Teenage Girls Raped at Swedish Music Festival, Many More Sexually Abused
Foreign minister of Israel revealed that she practiced sex with several Arab personalities in order to record the sex and use for bribery
Trump Cares About National Security: Scaramucci's China dealings may have helped push him out of the White House
China rebukes Trump: 'Emotional venting' is not policy
John Kelly, Asserting Authority, Fires Anthony Scaramucci
"Free Speech is Violence?" Tucker OWNS Liberal Professor
Rogue Three: Would Iran and Russia Consider Including N Korea in Anti-US Bloc?
State-Enforced Segregation and the Color of Justice: Jim Crow was the descendant of Southern slavery. More shocking is the legacy of government-enforced racism in the North.
Gainor: Debbie Wasserman Schultz Scandal Is a Story 'the Press Doesn't Want Out There'
Hurricane Awan
Do I Regret Not Voting for Hillary Clinton?
GOP governor offers $3 billion bribe to shady corporation to boost Trump's jobs numbers.
Bumpy New Phase in US-China Relations - threat of Korean war shifts dynamics between world’s largest economies
🤣 News This Week- Scaramucci Fired, Imran Awan Selling Information, John Oliver Ties to Clinton
Junge Männer lassen Handschellen klicken
PM lashes out at media as ministers push to retry failed same-sex marriage plebiscite
Women’s studies scholar says of Trump: ‘I wish someone would just shoot him outright’ - The College Fix
Los okupas son unos parásitos / Squatters are parasites
India And Japan Join Forces To Counter China And Build Their Own New Silk Roadc
Petition · Ocoee Police: Justice for Duke ·
I Have An Idea
BJP plays AIADMK peacemaker with eye on Tamil Nadu political prize
Newsweek's Cover "The New Face of Japan" - Notice anything?
Motherhood points “K: The Art of Love” novelist Hong Ying in new direction
Free Speech Is Violence? Tucker Carlson Embarrass Liberal Professor
"This man's potentially huge medical #breakthrough ["the #cure to all #viruses"] can't get funding, so he's trying something desperate" #cowdfunding
False Song of Globalism 🐸
Tony Blair prosecution over Iraq war blocked by judges
Report: Trump dictated Trump Jr.'s statement on Russian meeting
Trump fires communications chief Scaramucci in new White House upheaval
THE ORIGINAL! A Reliable Source Is Going To Leak An Incriminating Tape R...
Accused MS-13 Murderer Entered U.S. under Obama's Catch-and-Release
How Profits From Opium Shaped 19th-Century Boston
Highest stock market, highest business enthusiasm, lowest unemployment in DECADES. D.E.C.A.D.E.S. and now 2.6 % GDP growth! President Trump has already done it and is just getting started! (Obama must be crying)
Dems can't win with this crew...
University Bans White And Straight Students From Safe Space
WATCH: Muslims GO INSANE - Assault Christians With Rocks... In Michigan!
There is a 'mountain' of evidence against Hillary Clinton: Judge Napolitano
Bernie 2020
'Narratives' Are Not 'Truths'
Bipartisanship! The Evil Party and Stupid Party Team Up to Cripple Trump, Subvert the Rule of Law, and Put the US on a Road to War
WikiLeaks just released 21,075 verified searchable emails from the campaign of President Macron #MacronEmails #MacronLeaks
Dinesh D'Souza terrifies Democrats with hard-hitting attack
Hamburg supermarket attacker 'was known Islamist'
Rachel Maddow Just Became Trump’s Number 1 Enemy After She Unleashed This Major Report on Tuesday Night
Tommy Robinson Explains Why The Celtic Fans Are Angry At Him
Dumbass sub full of Republicans ignores massive story because it hurts their narrative.
A Peak into the First Cabinet Meeting with Gen Kelly as Chief of Staff!
Liberal 'Rob Berkeley' Informs Nick Ferrari That “Black People Can’t Be Racist'
One Year Later, Journalists Exposed By WikiLeaks Carry On As Before
When Free Speech Fails (RazorFist)
Potential War With North Korea: What We Ought to be Focused On
Hamburg Attack Puts Merkel Refugee Policy Back in Spotlight
Gen. Kelly is in a bind.
American War Criminals Living Freely Today
Western countries making adjustments to their vision of Syrian crisis solution
Bill Browder's Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing Could Explain Anthony Scaramucci's Bizarre Behaviour
Ben Shapiro vs Cenk Uygur - Politicon 2017 (Archived Stream)
IRS Rehired Employees That Falsified Documents, Had Unauthorized Access to Taxpayer Information - Washington Free Beacon
Obama Terrifies Republicans By Quickly Raising $10.8 Million To Combat GOP Election Rigging
Obama Operating ‘Anti-Trump War Room’ 2 Miles From White House
The Wrath of the Awakened Saxon
Hamburg G20 Summit Results Ambiguous – Analysis
Moldova's political elite makes people main victim of its intrigues and interests
Today in the corporate media, Venezuela’s economic problems are used to paint the country as a failed state, in need of foreign-backed regime change.
US withdrawal from INF Treaty to threaten whole world and to cause new arms race
Zypries nennt Sanktionen gegen Russland „völkerrechtswidrig“
Trump tells Republicans to get back on healthcare bill
ISIS-linked terrorists in Philippines take hundreds of hostages, most Christian, priest says
What we can learn from Chinese painting
Here is absolute proof in writing that former FBI Director Robert Mueller deliberately covered up the Saudi inside job connection of 911 one week later from a letter received from FBI informant &amp; former IRS agent named "Bruce" who was forced into exile in China.
SICK! Liberal Media Doxes 9-Year-Old Trump Supporter “Pickle” After He Writes Fan Letter to President
Welcome to PIZZA-GATE ISLAND !
Operation Freedom: Lebanese Militia Destroys Terrorists on Syrian Border
Trump's New Chief of Staff Takes Over a White House in Chaos
Trump tells Senate Republicans 'the world is watching' on health care
Mass media reaction to US (Clinton) arming ISIS rebels: Says not doing that "is the right thing to do"
Seth Rich Was WikiLeaks Source States Seymour Hersh in Audio
How Hillary Bullied Tiny Bangladesh To Help Clinton Foundation Donor
Democrat’s "Better Deal” Is Just Another Sh*t Sandwich
Facts to upset Democrats- WHY TRUMP WON- the #s
Audio of Rod Wheeler discussing Seth Rich case
Thank Jimmy Carter &amp; Billy Clinton for North Korea having Nukes-- Thanks MORONS
The ASEAN Security Summits and the South China Sea
"I Reckon So"
Bill Clinton on Virtues of North Korean Nuclear Deal - THANKS Bill ! Great Frickin' idea there
Twitter Stock Crashes As Social Network ‘Cracks Down’ On Alt Right
Streamable - Sarah Huckabee on the fake news media. Eye opening and succinct
Global Warming Hoax- NONE of the predictions have come true- Wake Up !
Russia or a Democrat- which is more trust worthy ?
Live in a Ghetto tomorrow
Sweden: Three African migrants gang-rape 15 y/o girl, none are deported due to “humanitarian considerations”
'Beyonce Professor' Fired After Tweeting He Wishes Someone Would Shoot Trump
Proof Venezuela's Crisis has Nothing to do with Oil (in 30 seconds)
Warmonger Senator Lindsey Graham says the US has a plan to kill thousands in North Korea
Trent Franks: Robert Mueller must resign from Russia probe due to James Comey relationship
THE ORIGINAL! Putin &amp; Trump's Failed Cyber Coup Hastens To Its' End!
Putin tests Trump with counterpunch on sanctions
The Latest SJW Cancer: Cognitive Privilege
MAN EXECUTED In Public At Point Blank Range After Being Convicted Of Raping and Killing 3-Year Old Girl
Real Islamic Rape Culture Imported By "Feminists": Four Teenage Girls Raped at Swedish Music Festival, Many More Sexually Abused
Foreign minister of Israel revealed that she practiced sex with several Arab personalities in order to record the sex and use for bribery
Trump Cares About National Security: Scaramucci's China dealings may have helped push him out of the White House
China rebukes Trump: 'Emotional venting' is not policy
John Kelly, Asserting Authority, Fires Anthony Scaramucci
"Free Speech is Violence?" Tucker OWNS Liberal Professor
Rogue Three: Would Iran and Russia Consider Including N Korea in Anti-US Bloc?
State-Enforced Segregation and the Color of Justice: Jim Crow was the descendant of Southern slavery. More shocking is the legacy of government-enforced racism in the North.
Gainor: Debbie Wasserman Schultz Scandal Is a Story 'the Press Doesn't Want Out There'
Hurricane Awan
Do I Regret Not Voting for Hillary Clinton?
GOP governor offers $3 billion bribe to shady corporation to boost Trump's jobs numbers.
Bumpy New Phase in US-China Relations - threat of Korean war shifts dynamics between world’s largest economies
🤣 News This Week- Scaramucci Fired, Imran Awan Selling Information, John Oliver Ties to Clinton
Junge Männer lassen Handschellen klicken
PM lashes out at media as ministers push to retry failed same-sex marriage plebiscite
Women’s studies scholar says of Trump: ‘I wish someone would just shoot him outright’ - The College Fix
Los okupas son unos parásitos / Squatters are parasites
India And Japan Join Forces To Counter China And Build Their Own New Silk Roadc
Petition · Ocoee Police: Justice for Duke ·
I Have An Idea
BJP plays AIADMK peacemaker with eye on Tamil Nadu political prize
Newsweek's Cover "The New Face of Japan" - Notice anything?
Motherhood points “K: The Art of Love” novelist Hong Ying in new direction
Free Speech Is Violence? Tucker Carlson Embarrass Liberal Professor
"This man's potentially huge medical #breakthrough ["the #cure to all #viruses"] can't get funding, so he's trying something desperate" #cowdfunding
False Song of Globalism 🐸
Tony Blair prosecution over Iraq war blocked by judges
Report: Trump dictated Trump Jr.'s statement on Russian meeting
Trump fires communications chief Scaramucci in new White House upheaval
THE ORIGINAL! A Reliable Source Is Going To Leak An Incriminating Tape R...
Accused MS-13 Murderer Entered U.S. under Obama's Catch-and-Release
How Profits From Opium Shaped 19th-Century Boston
Highest stock market, highest business enthusiasm, lowest unemployment in DECADES. D.E.C.A.D.E.S. and now 2.6 % GDP growth! President Trump has already done it and is just getting started! (Obama must be crying)
Dems can't win with this crew...
University Bans White And Straight Students From Safe Space
WATCH: Muslims GO INSANE - Assault Christians With Rocks... In Michigan!
There is a 'mountain' of evidence against Hillary Clinton: Judge Napolitano
Bernie 2020
'Narratives' Are Not 'Truths'
Bipartisanship! The Evil Party and Stupid Party Team Up to Cripple Trump, Subvert the Rule of Law, and Put the US on a Road to War
WikiLeaks just released 21,075 verified searchable emails from the campaign of President Macron #MacronEmails #MacronLeaks
Dinesh D'Souza terrifies Democrats with hard-hitting attack
Hamburg supermarket attacker 'was known Islamist'
Rachel Maddow Just Became Trump’s Number 1 Enemy After She Unleashed This Major Report on Tuesday Night
Tommy Robinson Explains Why The Celtic Fans Are Angry At Him
Dumbass sub full of Republicans ignores massive story because it hurts their narrative.
A Peak into the First Cabinet Meeting with Gen Kelly as Chief of Staff!
Liberal 'Rob Berkeley' Informs Nick Ferrari That “Black People Can’t Be Racist'
One Year Later, Journalists Exposed By WikiLeaks Carry On As Before
When Free Speech Fails (RazorFist)
Potential War With North Korea: What We Ought to be Focused On
Hamburg Attack Puts Merkel Refugee Policy Back in Spotlight
Gen. Kelly is in a bind.
American War Criminals Living Freely Today
Western countries making adjustments to their vision of Syrian crisis solution
Bill Browder's Senate Judiciary Committee Hearing Could Explain Anthony Scaramucci's Bizarre Behaviour
Ben Shapiro vs Cenk Uygur - Politicon 2017 (Archived Stream)
IRS Rehired Employees That Falsified Documents, Had Unauthorized Access to Taxpayer Information - Washington Free Beacon
Obama Terrifies Republicans By Quickly Raising $10.8 Million To Combat GOP Election Rigging
Obama Operating ‘Anti-Trump War Room’ 2 Miles From White House
The Wrath of the Awakened Saxon
Hamburg G20 Summit Results Ambiguous – Analysis
Moldova's political elite makes people main victim of its intrigues and interests
Today in the corporate media, Venezuela’s economic problems are used to paint the country as a failed state, in need of foreign-backed regime change.
US withdrawal from INF Treaty to threaten whole world and to cause new arms race
Zypries nennt Sanktionen gegen Russland „völkerrechtswidrig“
Trump tells Republicans to get back on healthcare bill
ISIS-linked terrorists in Philippines take hundreds of hostages, most Christian, priest says
What we can learn from Chinese painting
Here is absolute proof in writing that former FBI Director Robert Mueller deliberately covered up the Saudi inside job connection of 911 one week later from a letter received from FBI informant &amp; former IRS agent named "Bruce" who was forced into exile in China.
SICK! Liberal Media Doxes 9-Year-Old Trump Supporter “Pickle” After He Writes Fan Letter to President
Welcome to PIZZA-GATE ISLAND !
Operation Freedom: Lebanese Militia Destroys Terrorists on Syrian Border
Trump's New Chief of Staff Takes Over a White House in Chaos
Trump tells Senate Republicans 'the world is watching' on health care
Canadian man fights off home invaders by taking their gun and shooting them; gets charged with attempted murder and nine other firearms related charges
The New Russian Sanctions Bill Is Washingtonâs Monument To Its Criminality
New Report Exposes Thousands of Illegal Votes in 2016 Election
The former UK foreign minister: We worked with the Islamist terrorists including ISIS hoping to oust Assad
The Past 5 GOP Presidents Have Used Fraud and Treason to Steer Themselves to Electoral Victory
Venezuela: Regime Claims 'Complete Normalcy' as 'Sham' Election Leaves over Dozen Dead
Corporate Media Is Lying About The Scandal Surrounding Debbie Wasserman Schultz
London’s New Subway Symbolized the Future. Then Came Brexit.
Maxine Waters Acts Like A 5 Year Old
Claremont’s Social Justice Warriors Face the Music A withdrawn job offer to a bigoted administrator, and serious punishment for disrupting a speech.
College student with nerves of steel reveals how she jumped out of her moving car to escape 'racially motivated' kidnappers who threatened to rape her at gunpoint
Panama Leaks Avidance by Nawaz Sharif and Mariam Safder after jadgment
Indie Journalists Jukes Antifa Protest By Relocating Activists
U.S. coal exports soar, in boost to Trump energy agenda, data shows
Clinton lost, but Republicans still want to investigate her
Stranded Yemenis, thousands of others stand to lose 'golden ticket' to U.S.
Welcome to the Cold War: Russia Expels US Diplomats, Seizes US Properties
TREASON? Video surfaces of Hillary admitting she was in contact with foreign leaders interfering in our election!
Republicans Move to Establish Second Special Counsel to Investigate Hillary Clinton, Susan Rice, President Obama
London Riots: Cambridge University Diversity Officer Under Investigation After Anti-White Racist Rant
Philadelphia Police Data Confirms: In 36% white Philly, 96.6% of Nonfatal Gun Violence in 2016 Committed by Nonwhites
Sanctuary City Denver Freed An Illegal Alien Homicide Suspect Over ICE Objections
Bill passes to require AG Jeff Sessions to appoint a 2nd special counsel to investigate Hillary Clinton, James Comey, Loretta Lynch, Tarmac-gate, Susan Rice, Clinton Foundation, Uranium One and Fusion GPS
Bernie Sanders On the Right-Wing Ideology That Rules Our Economy
Hannity Reveals Obama administration and FBI Involvement in Civil rights violation
Breaking: FBI Drops Bombshell on Fox News Specifically Hannity.
CNN accidentally admits its own sources are garbage — live on air
Conference teaches K-12 educators how to combat ‘whiteness in schools’
THE ORIGINAL! Incriminating Evidence From Reliable Sources Coming In Tru...
Adam Carolla's opening statement at Oversight hearing on "safe spaces"
North Korea is Not The Problem!!!
Texas teen hit with felony charges and faces up to 10 years in prison after making up claim she was raped by three black men
Lock them up and make huge profits
Denial of Gender Reality: The Path to Communism
Special Prosecutor Robert Muelller flew to Moscow and gave the FSB 10 grams of Highly Enriched Uranium (HEU) in 2009
Anthony Shaffer Alludes to Debbie Wasserman Schultz Sending Info to Militants via Imran Awan
Right-Wing Hypocrite Tomi Lahren Still On Parents’ Insurance Thanks To Law She Wants Repealed
Republicans Are Finally Starting To Panic Over Trump's Dangerous Incompetence
Washington Post: The Quest to Prove Collusion is Crumbling (Thanks Sherlock)
It’s not Obamacare anymore. It’s our national health-care system.
Sanctions against China, Russia, Iran and North Korea. Part of a Global Military Agenda. Pentagon’s World War III Scenario
Trey Gowdy Votes To Appoint A Second Special Counsel To Investigate James Comey And Hillary Clinton
Trump's New Plan - We Can Call It The 25th Step Plan
America cannot heal under Obamacare
China shows off newest weapons in huge military parade
It's Your Money But You Can’t Have It: EU Proposes Account Freezes To Halt Bank Runs
Australia police 'foil terror plot to bring down plane'
It's possible Burkman was fed disinformation on Seth Rich by the DNC in order to maintain Clinton's Russian conspiracy
Democrat Who Claims Trump 'Militarizing' White House with 'Extremist' John Kelly Has Deep Links to Communism
Illegal immigrant who has been deported to Mexico 20 TIMES 'rapes a 65-year-old woman at knife-point' just months after Portland released him from jail under 'sanctuary' policy
"Forget about Trump and the Russians. The real action is with the Awan brothers and Fusion GPS"
BBC Re-writing History: "Don't let the left re-write history. This is insidious. It must be resisted."
Mother of Son who Shot man 36 times says her baby Dindu Nuffin
Destroying liberals - Another great Opening Statement from Judge Jeanine...
Mike Pence: Trump could rescind congressional exemption from Obamacare
Ending First Past the Post voting: Would you support a ranged vote system?
Dozens of Evergreen State Students May Face Felony Charges for Holding Faculty Hostage
proof white genocide exists
BANNED FROM GOFUNDME FOR SUPPORTING TRUMP
Molyneux breaks down one of the biggest political scandals in history: The Truth About The Awan Family - Democrat IT Scandal - Debbie Wasserman Schultz Exposed - A lot of new info and perspective
Feds: Oakland ISIS Sympathizer Wanted to Kill Thousands in String of Bay Area Terror Attacks
Leftists Have The Most Privilege
How Information Controlled by Washington, Israel, and Trolls, Is Leading to Our Destruction / 信息如何受控於華盛頓﹑以色列和網絡暴徒，並導致我們的滅亡 (Chinese news is picking up U.S. alternative media warnings to the world about racist Zionism)
America's Failure in China, 1941-50 (Vol. 1) by Tang Tsou -- book for sale
BREAKING: Did Awan Murder Seth Rich…? Anonymous Says So! Disturbing Photo Rises…
Germany: Mayor tells citizens angry about Muslim migrant rapes “Don’t provoke them”
Group seeks Michigan ballot proposal to end gerrymandering
If You Come At Sen. Lisa Murkowski, You Best Not Miss.
We're Moving Closer to Total Authoritarian Dystopia
Federal Torture Psychologists Defend Themselves by Comparing Themselves to "Poison Gas Manufacturers"
Why are so many redditers Liberals who only downvote and don't debate?
Better than Starbucks- it is never ending
France shuts down its only de-radicalization center, says ‘experiment’ failed
DNC Fraud CONFIRMED: The Exploding DNC IT Scandal Is As Crazy As Fiction
Are You Suffering From Snowflakeism?
Miguel Baez Arriechi, Manuel Zavarse, Enrique Lopez Cosson and Gabriel Zavarse Cedeno took turns raping woman at house party
Disturbing Video Shows US Border Agents Make 16yo Boy Drink Liquid Meth Until He Dies
Saudi tycoon invests millions in renowned British media outlet: Repor
Authority and the Individual: an Overview (Sargon of Akkad)
Terror attack suspect in Hamburg from the UAE
Israel harvested 18,000 organs from dead Syrians during the war
Wolf Blizer Admits CNN's Sources Suck
Black Activists: President Trump should send federal investigators in to root out the corruption in Chicago’s government.
Wasserman Schultz kept paying tech expert suspected of stealing House computers
Greg Gutfeld To Jesse Watters Now Priebus Can Join Spicer On Dancing With The Stars
Bezos Becomes World’s Richest Man As Whistleblower Exposes NSA &amp; CIA Collusion with Amazon
Vote for the left in model elections on Reddit!
Browder Says “No Doubt” Lawyer Who Met With Trump Jr. a Russian Agent
Michael Moore Calls for Citizen Army to "Swarm" D.C. and Remove Trump
President Trump Awards Medals in Response to the *Alleged* June 14, 2017 Steve Scalise Baseball Shooting - In contempt of volumes of opinion the entire affair was a FF at best and a Hoax at worst, which coupled with his known contempt for 911 &amp; JFK truth confirms his status as an unreliable witness
ILLEGAL ALIEN CHARGED WITH RAPING 12-YEAR-OLD GIRL: 'His immigration status wasn't a priority for us,' says police chief
League of Women Voters Keeps National Popular Vote Movement Alive in Colorado
India Today ruffles China's feathers by excluding Taiwan and Tibet from map
VIDEO: Black Lives Matter Riots in London, Police Attacked
I Slaughter Warski Live’s Rebuttal to Rage After Storm’s Race IS Real
Redistricting reform advocates rally at Indiana Statehouse
Priebus exit marks latest step in White House purge of Republican loyalists | US news
United States, Russia or China – Who Might Win
Noncitizen illegal vote number higher than estimated: Study supports Trump: 5.7 million noncitizens may have cast illegal votes
Disabled and Disobedient: How ADAPT Activists Blocked the GOP Healthcare Bill
Canadian man fights off home invaders by taking their gun and shooting them; gets charged with attempted murder and nine other firearms related charges
The New Russian Sanctions Bill Is Washingtonâs Monument To Its Criminality
New Report Exposes Thousands of Illegal Votes in 2016 Election
The former UK foreign minister: We worked with the Islamist terrorists including ISIS hoping to oust Assad
The Past 5 GOP Presidents Have Used Fraud and Treason to Steer Themselves to Electoral Victory
Venezuela: Regime Claims 'Complete Normalcy' as 'Sham' Election Leaves over Dozen Dead
Corporate Media Is Lying About The Scandal Surrounding Debbie Wasserman Schultz
London’s New Subway Symbolized the Future. Then Came Brexit.
Maxine Waters Acts Like A 5 Year Old
Claremont’s Social Justice Warriors Face the Music A withdrawn job offer to a bigoted administrator, and serious punishment for disrupting a speech.
College student with nerves of steel reveals how she jumped out of her moving car to escape 'racially motivated' kidnappers who threatened to rape her at gunpoint
Panama Leaks Avidance by Nawaz Sharif and Mariam Safder after jadgment
Indie Journalists Jukes Antifa Protest By Relocating Activists
U.S. coal exports soar, in boost to Trump energy agenda, data shows
Clinton lost, but Republicans still want to investigate her
Stranded Yemenis, thousands of others stand to lose 'golden ticket' to U.S.
Welcome to the Cold War: Russia Expels US Diplomats, Seizes US Properties
TREASON? Video surfaces of Hillary admitting she was in contact with foreign leaders interfering in our election!
Republicans Move to Establish Second Special Counsel to Investigate Hillary Clinton, Susan Rice, President Obama
London Riots: Cambridge University Diversity Officer Under Investigation After Anti-White Racist Rant
Philadelphia Police Data Confirms: In 36% white Philly, 96.6% of Nonfatal Gun Violence in 2016 Committed by Nonwhites
Sanctuary City Denver Freed An Illegal Alien Homicide Suspect Over ICE Objections
Bill passes to require AG Jeff Sessions to appoint a 2nd special counsel to investigate Hillary Clinton, James Comey, Loretta Lynch, Tarmac-gate, Susan Rice, Clinton Foundation, Uranium One and Fusion GPS
Bernie Sanders On the Right-Wing Ideology That Rules Our Economy
Hannity Reveals Obama administration and FBI Involvement in Civil rights violation
Breaking: FBI Drops Bombshell on Fox News Specifically Hannity.
CNN accidentally admits its own sources are garbage — live on air
Conference teaches K-12 educators how to combat ‘whiteness in schools’
THE ORIGINAL! Incriminating Evidence From Reliable Sources Coming In Tru...
Adam Carolla's opening statement at Oversight hearing on "safe spaces"
North Korea is Not The Problem!!!
Texas teen hit with felony charges and faces up to 10 years in prison after making up claim she was raped by three black men
Lock them up and make huge profits
Denial of Gender Reality: The Path to Communism
Special Prosecutor Robert Muelller flew to Moscow and gave the FSB 10 grams of Highly Enriched Uranium (HEU) in 2009
Anthony Shaffer Alludes to Debbie Wasserman Schultz Sending Info to Militants via Imran Awan
Right-Wing Hypocrite Tomi Lahren Still On Parents’ Insurance Thanks To Law She Wants Repealed
Republicans Are Finally Starting To Panic Over Trump's Dangerous Incompetence
Washington Post: The Quest to Prove Collusion is Crumbling (Thanks Sherlock)
It’s not Obamacare anymore. It’s our national health-care system.
Sanctions against China, Russia, Iran and North Korea. Part of a Global Military Agenda. Pentagon’s World War III Scenario
Trey Gowdy Votes To Appoint A Second Special Counsel To Investigate James Comey And Hillary Clinton
Trump's New Plan - We Can Call It The 25th Step Plan
America cannot heal under Obamacare
China shows off newest weapons in huge military parade
It's Your Money But You Can’t Have It: EU Proposes Account Freezes To Halt Bank Runs
Australia police 'foil terror plot to bring down plane'
It's possible Burkman was fed disinformation on Seth Rich by the DNC in order to maintain Clinton's Russian conspiracy
Democrat Who Claims Trump 'Militarizing' White House with 'Extremist' John Kelly Has Deep Links to Communism
Illegal immigrant who has been deported to Mexico 20 TIMES 'rapes a 65-year-old woman at knife-point' just months after Portland released him from jail under 'sanctuary' policy
"Forget about Trump and the Russians. The real action is with the Awan brothers and Fusion GPS"
BBC Re-writing History: "Don't let the left re-write history. This is insidious. It must be resisted."
Mother of Son who Shot man 36 times says her baby Dindu Nuffin
Destroying liberals - Another great Opening Statement from Judge Jeanine...
Mike Pence: Trump could rescind congressional exemption from Obamacare
Ending First Past the Post voting: Would you support a ranged vote system?
Dozens of Evergreen State Students May Face Felony Charges for Holding Faculty Hostage
proof white genocide exists
BANNED FROM GOFUNDME FOR SUPPORTING TRUMP
Molyneux breaks down one of the biggest political scandals in history: The Truth About The Awan Family - Democrat IT Scandal - Debbie Wasserman Schultz Exposed - A lot of new info and perspective
Feds: Oakland ISIS Sympathizer Wanted to Kill Thousands in String of Bay Area Terror Attacks
Leftists Have The Most Privilege
How Information Controlled by Washington, Israel, and Trolls, Is Leading to Our Destruction / 信息如何受控於華盛頓﹑以色列和網絡暴徒，並導致我們的滅亡 (Chinese news is picking up U.S. alternative media warnings to the world about racist Zionism)
America's Failure in China, 1941-50 (Vol. 1) by Tang Tsou -- book for sale
BREAKING: Did Awan Murder Seth Rich…? Anonymous Says So! Disturbing Photo Rises…
Germany: Mayor tells citizens angry about Muslim migrant rapes “Don’t provoke them”
Group seeks Michigan ballot proposal to end gerrymandering
If You Come At Sen. Lisa Murkowski, You Best Not Miss.
We're Moving Closer to Total Authoritarian Dystopia
Federal Torture Psychologists Defend Themselves by Comparing Themselves to "Poison Gas Manufacturers"
Why are so many redditers Liberals who only downvote and don't debate?
Better than Starbucks- it is never ending
France shuts down its only de-radicalization center, says ‘experiment’ failed
DNC Fraud CONFIRMED: The Exploding DNC IT Scandal Is As Crazy As Fiction
Are You Suffering From Snowflakeism?
Miguel Baez Arriechi, Manuel Zavarse, Enrique Lopez Cosson and Gabriel Zavarse Cedeno took turns raping woman at house party
Disturbing Video Shows US Border Agents Make 16yo Boy Drink Liquid Meth Until He Dies
Saudi tycoon invests millions in renowned British media outlet: Repor
Authority and the Individual: an Overview (Sargon of Akkad)
Terror attack suspect in Hamburg from the UAE
Israel harvested 18,000 organs from dead Syrians during the war
Wolf Blizer Admits CNN's Sources Suck
Black Activists: President Trump should send federal investigators in to root out the corruption in Chicago’s government.
Wasserman Schultz kept paying tech expert suspected of stealing House computers
Greg Gutfeld To Jesse Watters Now Priebus Can Join Spicer On Dancing With The Stars
Bezos Becomes World’s Richest Man As Whistleblower Exposes NSA &amp; CIA Collusion with Amazon
Vote for the left in model elections on Reddit!
Browder Says “No Doubt” Lawyer Who Met With Trump Jr. a Russian Agent
Michael Moore Calls for Citizen Army to "Swarm" D.C. and Remove Trump
President Trump Awards Medals in Response to the *Alleged* June 14, 2017 Steve Scalise Baseball Shooting - In contempt of volumes of opinion the entire affair was a FF at best and a Hoax at worst, which coupled with his known contempt for 911 &amp; JFK truth confirms his status as an unreliable witness
ILLEGAL ALIEN CHARGED WITH RAPING 12-YEAR-OLD GIRL: 'His immigration status wasn't a priority for us,' says police chief
League of Women Voters Keeps National Popular Vote Movement Alive in Colorado
India Today ruffles China's feathers by excluding Taiwan and Tibet from map
VIDEO: Black Lives Matter Riots in London, Police Attacked
I Slaughter Warski Live’s Rebuttal to Rage After Storm’s Race IS Real
Redistricting reform advocates rally at Indiana Statehouse
Priebus exit marks latest step in White House purge of Republican loyalists | US news
United States, Russia or China – Who Might Win
Noncitizen illegal vote number higher than estimated: Study supports Trump: 5.7 million noncitizens may have cast illegal votes
Disabled and Disobedient: How ADAPT Activists Blocked the GOP Healthcare Bill
BBC rewriting history
Should We Employ Leftist Tactics?
High-Ranking Australian Muslim Boasts That Whites Will Be Extinct In 40 Years
Warnings From History: Deep State &amp; Fake News Media
White House calls for ‘thorough investigation’ of Debbie Wasserman Schultz staffer scandal
The Truth About The Awan Family Democrat IT Scandal | Debbie Wasserman Schultz Exposed
Tucker Carlson JUST Exposed a Huge Crime involving Hillary,Comey and Loretta Lynch
2017 WW3 Update.US shoots at Iranian gun boats again
Gross Hypocrisy: Australia Wants Indonesia to Join its Fight Against Terror - If the Australian Government were fair dinkum, it would arrest TerrorGrüppe Kurzberg the "Celebrating Jews of 911" and the Mossad cell that spawned them, who have enjoyed safe haven in Brisbane since the day of the attacks
We Live in Ta-Nehesi Coates’ Vision of America, characterized by the assumption blacks are the eternal targets of lethal white oppression - Despite more whites than blacks both proportionally and in real numbers die by police gunfire, while blacks at 13% of the population commit 85% of race crimes
What to expect from Gen. Kelly's White House
The New Russian Sanctions Bill Is Washington’s Monument To Its Criminality
Multiple Hill staffers confirm last night McCain was heard laughing w Dems and remarked, "Lets see Donald make america great again now"
Portland Antifa tranny(?) attacks lone black guy. Gets humiliated.
Crime is the new black entitlement at the birthplace of LeBron James in Akron, Ohio
Australian women need Muslims to 'fertilise them'
Hundreds of counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
Forget Russia, N. Korea is the real threat to the US
Priebus Pushed Out After Rocky Tenure as Trump Chief of Staff
#TYTDIRT Zach Haller &amp; Hard Bastard Discuss Young Turks Dirt
It Gets Worse =&gt; Wasserman Schultz IT Staffer Imran Awan Subscribed To Pedophile-Centric YouTube Channels
California law enforcement officials say they've made arrests in what they believe one of the largest human trafficking cases in the western U.S history
President Donald Trump Declares War on Gangs, Defends Law Enforcement
With Robert Mueller, FBI gets second chance to inspect ‘hacked’ DNC computers
F**k George Clooney! Hypocrite And Immigration Champion Suing Paparazzi For Photos of His Twins
The Authoritarian Right is a Threat to Liberty Too Says Jeffrey Tucker
Say No to War with Russia
School Choice Is Racist, WTF?
Rutgers Now Makes Freshmen Pay to Learn About "Microaggressions"
Iman FM radio Station Broadcasts al-Qaida Cleric's Calls to Kill Non-Believers in UK
The War On Truth / The Truth About Islam
Kid Rock Should Seriously Run for the Senate; Here's Why
Geraldo Rivera Attacks Deep State Rats and Defends Anthony Scaramucci
Federal Tax System Proposal
PUTIN STRIKES BACK: Hundreds of US Diplomatic Staff to Be Expelled From Russia
College ‘safe spaces’ decried by liberals, conservatives, celebrities
the west be like
White "Pornstar Dolly Leigh asks 'How come there is no younger Asian male talent in the industry?'
Jordan Peterson: Why Globalism Fails and Nationalism is Relatable
92 Year Old Admiral Lyons: "The Muslim Brotherhood has infiltrated all of our national security agencies, including ALL of our intelligence services"
Hot Mic Catches GOP Senator Slamming 'Unattractive' Congressman Who Ripped Her
Jim Jordan Pissed That Comey &amp; Lynch Lied To America For Protecting Hillary Clinton
Drain The Swamp- New investigation into Lynch, Comey and Clinton and Imran Awan Detained.
Museum Offers $15,000 Per Character to Decipher Shang Dynasty Oracle Bone Script
Five takeaways from ObamaCare repeal’s collapse
Culture of Violence: A Black Teen Girl is slammed to the ground and stomped in the head by a Mob of 10 at the fair in Sacramento, Commiefornia...BLM?...nevermind its just more Black on Black Crime
TRAITOR: GOP Senator Lindsey Graham TRASHES and THREATENS President Trump...Tells Voters He Won't Back Down On AMNESTY PUSH
Congress Really, Really Wants a New Cold War
Saudi Arabia appears to be deploying Canadian-made armoured vehicles against its own citizens
Grandfather indicted for allegedly stabbing 1-year-old grandson with butcher knife
"Transgenderism Is A Mental Disorder And It Is Child Abuse"
Christians do it too! It's the same!
Tucker Carlson: "Transgenders Dont Make Us More Safe" Transgender Ban Debate.
President Trump Gives Remarks on MS-13 to Federal, State, and Local Law Enforcement
Sean Hannity Angry Over Failed Repeal, 'THE REPUBLICANS SUCK', They Have All Failed You!
'Allahu Akbar': One Dead and Several Injured in Supermarket Knife Attack
Corporate Elites Shame Boy Scouts For Liking Trump's Speech
Breaking: Congress Calls For Criminal Investigation of Hillary Clinton, Comey, Lynch 2016 Election Collusion
Islamic Pedophile Rape Culture: Five-year-old girl 'forced into marriage with 22-year-old man in Pakistan'
Muslim businessman says Australia's white race will die
Denmark-Born Muslims More Angry, Score Higher on Violence Predictors than Immigrants
The military is picky?
A Better Way to Vote
London ex-Muslim world meet seeks right to criticize Islamism, as it's "same" as criticizing Hindu or Christian right
Germany–Soviet Union relations before 1941
Ben Shapiro &amp; Adam Carolla Testify before CONGRESS on Freedom of Speech on College Campuses
More Suffering In Venezuela as Strikes Begin
Are they self aware?
Not So Supreme — Why Parties Will Gerrymander, No Matter What the Highest Court Says
Never-Trumpers Go Protectionist, As Trump Opens Trade &amp; Opportunity
Stephen Colbert: "F-ck You Trump!" - Late Show Host Unhinged
Your View: Why we should be discussing Ranked Choice Voting
#feminist #proTrans
Liking a post on facebook can know be considered wrongthink and is punishable by law in Germany.
Hillary's new book [Fixed]
Cultural Marxism = Everything That Is Wrong With The West
Congress Calls For Special Counsel for Criminal Investigation of Hillary Clinton, Comey, Lynch 2016 Election Collusion
The US Has Officially Lost the War in Syria: Report
Timor-Leste elections a significant milestone
John McCain ‘no’ vote kills Obamacare repeal effort in Senate
Paul Ryan assures wary GOP senators their 'skinny' bill will go to conference
Islamic Rape Culture: English girl, 15, gets raped by 'Asian' man, goes to another 'Asian' man for help, gets raped again - This culture is what feminists are defending!!
Chinese Foreign Minister SHUTS DOWN White Female Ignorant Orientalist Views Like a BOSS
Atom-U-Boote für die Ostsee
Scaramucci launches crusade to stop White House leaks
WTF Falun Gong Held a Parade to Celebrate the 2008 Sichuan Earthquake
Muslim gang attacked strangers because they were white “non-Muslims”
21-yr-old Homeless man Rapes 88-yr-old in Nursing Home
California state prosecutor is charged over child porn
Experts Around Here
Hillary's new book title
Reasons why Donald Trump should leave
Anthony Scaramucci, Trump’s new communications director, just called into CNN and had a meltdown
WTF Falun Gong Held a Parade to Celebrate the 2008 Sichuan Earthquake
The Patriotism Virus
If net neutrality dies, the Internet dies with it
Conway: Dems not lifting a finger to help with health care
Restrictive concealed carry law violates Second Amendment, DC Circuit rules
Imran Awan, DWS IT Aide, Gets Captured After Trying to Flee US; Legacy Media Cover-Up In Progress
Anthony Scaramucci Goes On Crass, Unhinged Rant Against Top White House Aides
BBC rewriting history
Should We Employ Leftist Tactics?
High-Ranking Australian Muslim Boasts That Whites Will Be Extinct In 40 Years
Warnings From History: Deep State &amp; Fake News Media
White House calls for ‘thorough investigation’ of Debbie Wasserman Schultz staffer scandal
The Truth About The Awan Family Democrat IT Scandal | Debbie Wasserman Schultz Exposed
Tucker Carlson JUST Exposed a Huge Crime involving Hillary,Comey and Loretta Lynch
2017 WW3 Update.US shoots at Iranian gun boats again
Gross Hypocrisy: Australia Wants Indonesia to Join its Fight Against Terror - If the Australian Government were fair dinkum, it would arrest TerrorGrüppe Kurzberg the "Celebrating Jews of 911" and the Mossad cell that spawned them, who have enjoyed safe haven in Brisbane since the day of the attacks
We Live in Ta-Nehesi Coates’ Vision of America, characterized by the assumption blacks are the eternal targets of lethal white oppression - Despite more whites than blacks both proportionally and in real numbers die by police gunfire, while blacks at 13% of the population commit 85% of race crimes
What to expect from Gen. Kelly's White House
The New Russian Sanctions Bill Is Washington’s Monument To Its Criminality
Multiple Hill staffers confirm last night McCain was heard laughing w Dems and remarked, "Lets see Donald make america great again now"
Portland Antifa tranny(?) attacks lone black guy. Gets humiliated.
Crime is the new black entitlement at the birthplace of LeBron James in Akron, Ohio
Australian women need Muslims to 'fertilise them'
Hundreds of counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
Forget Russia, N. Korea is the real threat to the US
Priebus Pushed Out After Rocky Tenure as Trump Chief of Staff
#TYTDIRT Zach Haller &amp; Hard Bastard Discuss Young Turks Dirt
It Gets Worse =&gt; Wasserman Schultz IT Staffer Imran Awan Subscribed To Pedophile-Centric YouTube Channels
California law enforcement officials say they've made arrests in what they believe one of the largest human trafficking cases in the western U.S history
President Donald Trump Declares War on Gangs, Defends Law Enforcement
With Robert Mueller, FBI gets second chance to inspect ‘hacked’ DNC computers
F**k George Clooney! Hypocrite And Immigration Champion Suing Paparazzi For Photos of His Twins
The Authoritarian Right is a Threat to Liberty Too Says Jeffrey Tucker
Say No to War with Russia
School Choice Is Racist, WTF?
Rutgers Now Makes Freshmen Pay to Learn About "Microaggressions"
Iman FM radio Station Broadcasts al-Qaida Cleric's Calls to Kill Non-Believers in UK
The War On Truth / The Truth About Islam
Kid Rock Should Seriously Run for the Senate; Here's Why
Geraldo Rivera Attacks Deep State Rats and Defends Anthony Scaramucci
Federal Tax System Proposal
PUTIN STRIKES BACK: Hundreds of US Diplomatic Staff to Be Expelled From Russia
College ‘safe spaces’ decried by liberals, conservatives, celebrities
the west be like
White "Pornstar Dolly Leigh asks 'How come there is no younger Asian male talent in the industry?'
Jordan Peterson: Why Globalism Fails and Nationalism is Relatable
92 Year Old Admiral Lyons: "The Muslim Brotherhood has infiltrated all of our national security agencies, including ALL of our intelligence services"
Hot Mic Catches GOP Senator Slamming 'Unattractive' Congressman Who Ripped Her
Jim Jordan Pissed That Comey &amp; Lynch Lied To America For Protecting Hillary Clinton
Drain The Swamp- New investigation into Lynch, Comey and Clinton and Imran Awan Detained.
Museum Offers $15,000 Per Character to Decipher Shang Dynasty Oracle Bone Script
Five takeaways from ObamaCare repeal’s collapse
Culture of Violence: A Black Teen Girl is slammed to the ground and stomped in the head by a Mob of 10 at the fair in Sacramento, Commiefornia...BLM?...nevermind its just more Black on Black Crime
TRAITOR: GOP Senator Lindsey Graham TRASHES and THREATENS President Trump...Tells Voters He Won't Back Down On AMNESTY PUSH
Congress Really, Really Wants a New Cold War
Saudi Arabia appears to be deploying Canadian-made armoured vehicles against its own citizens
Grandfather indicted for allegedly stabbing 1-year-old grandson with butcher knife
"Transgenderism Is A Mental Disorder And It Is Child Abuse"
Christians do it too! It's the same!
Tucker Carlson: "Transgenders Dont Make Us More Safe" Transgender Ban Debate.
President Trump Gives Remarks on MS-13 to Federal, State, and Local Law Enforcement
Sean Hannity Angry Over Failed Repeal, 'THE REPUBLICANS SUCK', They Have All Failed You!
'Allahu Akbar': One Dead and Several Injured in Supermarket Knife Attack
Corporate Elites Shame Boy Scouts For Liking Trump's Speech
Breaking: Congress Calls For Criminal Investigation of Hillary Clinton, Comey, Lynch 2016 Election Collusion
Islamic Pedophile Rape Culture: Five-year-old girl 'forced into marriage with 22-year-old man in Pakistan'
Muslim businessman says Australia's white race will die
Denmark-Born Muslims More Angry, Score Higher on Violence Predictors than Immigrants
The military is picky?
A Better Way to Vote
London ex-Muslim world meet seeks right to criticize Islamism, as it's "same" as criticizing Hindu or Christian right
Germany–Soviet Union relations before 1941
Ben Shapiro &amp; Adam Carolla Testify before CONGRESS on Freedom of Speech on College Campuses
More Suffering In Venezuela as Strikes Begin
Are they self aware?
Not So Supreme — Why Parties Will Gerrymander, No Matter What the Highest Court Says
Never-Trumpers Go Protectionist, As Trump Opens Trade &amp; Opportunity
Stephen Colbert: "F-ck You Trump!" - Late Show Host Unhinged
Your View: Why we should be discussing Ranked Choice Voting
#feminist #proTrans
Liking a post on facebook can know be considered wrongthink and is punishable by law in Germany.
Hillary's new book [Fixed]
Cultural Marxism = Everything That Is Wrong With The West
Congress Calls For Special Counsel for Criminal Investigation of Hillary Clinton, Comey, Lynch 2016 Election Collusion
The US Has Officially Lost the War in Syria: Report
Timor-Leste elections a significant milestone
John McCain ‘no’ vote kills Obamacare repeal effort in Senate
Paul Ryan assures wary GOP senators their 'skinny' bill will go to conference
Islamic Rape Culture: English girl, 15, gets raped by 'Asian' man, goes to another 'Asian' man for help, gets raped again - This culture is what feminists are defending!!
Chinese Foreign Minister SHUTS DOWN White Female Ignorant Orientalist Views Like a BOSS
Atom-U-Boote für die Ostsee
Scaramucci launches crusade to stop White House leaks
WTF Falun Gong Held a Parade to Celebrate the 2008 Sichuan Earthquake
Muslim gang attacked strangers because they were white “non-Muslims”
21-yr-old Homeless man Rapes 88-yr-old in Nursing Home
California state prosecutor is charged over child porn
Experts Around Here
Hillary's new book title
Reasons why Donald Trump should leave
Anthony Scaramucci, Trump’s new communications director, just called into CNN and had a meltdown
WTF Falun Gong Held a Parade to Celebrate the 2008 Sichuan Earthquake
The Patriotism Virus
If net neutrality dies, the Internet dies with it
Conway: Dems not lifting a finger to help with health care
Restrictive concealed carry law violates Second Amendment, DC Circuit rules
Imran Awan, DWS IT Aide, Gets Captured After Trying to Flee US; Legacy Media Cover-Up In Progress
Anthony Scaramucci Goes On Crass, Unhinged Rant Against Top White House Aides
Swedish Shop Refuses Woman Service For Not Wearing Hijab
THE ORIGINAL! Trump Won't Get Anything Done Because He Colluded With Putin!
San Juan Co. ordered to redraw boundaries in gerrymandering lawsuit
We The People: Interview w/ Dr. Cynthia McKinney - Corruption in Politics &amp; Meetup Suppressing the #UNRIG Campaign
Mahwah NJ Residents Worry Plastic ‘Eruv’ Pipes Could Spark Orthodox Jewish ‘Invasion’
Born to Run: A Five-Part Strategy for Winning in 2020, and Why Bruce Springsteen Should Be the One to Usher in Our Bright Progressive Future
Minneapolis Police Department unveils new anti-discrimination policy...
SHOCK: Scaramucci ALREADY REPORTED Reince Priebus to FBI For Leaking His Financial Disclosure!
Bucking His Boss, Trump’s New Lawyer Says He Thinks ‘Very Highly’ Of Mueller.
Brussels piles pressure on EU eastern bloc countries over migrants
The United States is imposing new sanctions on Russia, threatening China with a nuclear strike ... The shift in the political psyche is obvious. The form of acute aggressive paranoia. - translation Alexey_Pushkov
I’d launch nukes at China, says US Pacific Fleet chief
Senate Testimony: Fusion GPS Helped Corrupt Russians, Venezuelans
Scaramucci-Priebus feud reaches boiling point.
IT Aide Was Still on DWS's Payroll After Stealing Equipment
Firm Behind Fake Russia Dossier Was Paid by the Russians
OUR VIEW: Illinois gerrymandering an abuse of power
Trey Gowdy's Opening For Office of National Drug Control Policy
Revival of Ranked Choice Voting Marks Phillips' Attention to Detail
Pakistan village elders orders the rape of a 17-year-old girl after her brother was accused of raping another girl
Bipartisan Group Of Governors Warns Senate Against ‘Skinny Repeal’.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Aide Arrested Trying to Flee the Country
Admiral Says He'd Launch A Nuclear Strike On China If Trump Ordered It
Anti-Assad Footage of Syrian boy 'braving sniper fire' to rescue girl was faked by Norwegian filmmakers...on the Gladiator Movie Set
Corporate Liberal Media Doesn't Understand They Have Lost To PewDiePie &amp; Generation Z
Sex assault suspect tied up woman, threatened to kill her: Sexual assailant of 65-year-old Portland woman has been DEPORTED 20 TIMES
Refugee "Children" &amp; The Women Who Sexually Exploit Them: Sweden took in refugee children who aren't actually children, it was insanely expensive, and now feminist social workers are having sex with them.
CIA chief hints agency is working to change Venezuelan government
Eurasian woman lured to India ends up being kidnapped and raped for 6 months
UK Teenage Girl Plotted Grenade Attack, Married Islamic State Fighter Online
When will there be harmony?
The Exploding DNC IT Scandal Is As Crazy As Fiction
Overlooked class action against Democratic Party and Wasserman Schultz turns nasty
Tucker and Steyn Expose the Awans and Dem Hypocrisy
UKIP Nigel Farage Tells Jon Gaunt He Will Return If Hard BREXIT Doesn't Happen
N. Dharam Singh, former Karnataka CM, dies at 80
New friend-of-the-court brief argues for self-government - Free Speech for People
Scaramucci: DC needs to suppress instinct to hurt Trump
LOL! Michelle Malkin Launches 'Conservatives for Maxine Waters for President'
New Arabic Swimming Pool Signs Warn Guests Not to Molest Bikini-Clad Girls
Alex Jones Crazy Interview With Heidi Montag &amp; Spencer Pratt
(book excerpt) Two very different young democrats in Hong Kong tell their stories
Awan Arrested At Airport As Democrats In Panic
Maajid Nawaz Is Planning To SUE The SPLC
The Point Of Balance Towards Women
How India and China Have Come to the Brink Over a Remote Mountain Pass
Attention Ladies!
Trey Gowdy Pummels CNN's Erin Burnett with the U.S. Constitution
Braindead Pelosi and Schumer Beg the Middle Class For Votes after Calling them Deplorable
Lyft driver, 48, 'grabbed a passenger, 25, by the throat, put her in zip-ties and then raped her at knifepoint in the back of his car' after she fell asleep on the ride home from a night out
Report: Prof Blasted for Opposing 'Day Without White People' Files $3.8M Suit Against College
Diamond and Silk: We are not buying the fake news
Durbin: "We're Moving Closer And Closer To A Single-Payer Option"
CBS Touts Video of Woman Berating Border Patrol Agent
CIA director confirms the US is pushing for a new gov in Venezuela (after joking about history of bloody CIA coups and fascist death squads)
New FDA chief wants to bring prescription costs down
Former Transgender: Trump 'Made Right Decision,' 'Military Is a Fighting Force, Not a Gender Clinic'
Will stocks' positive momentum continue?
Browder Testimony: Fusion GPS, Firm Behind Trump Dossier and Planned Parenthood, Served Putin's Corruption
7/27/15 2:18am Us central time Out of the first 200 submissions to /POLITIC 104 of them are by people I have tagged as being from the donald subreddit.
Decline in manufacturing employment reduces marriage value of men.
Effect of US military ban on transgender troops remains to be seen
Shock Claim: Florida County Has ‘Thousands’ of Voters Over Age 100
CIA Gives More Power to Spies to Bolster Intelligence Operations; China, not Russia, poses greatest long-term threat
“Sculptor Dimensions” at the Taoxichuan Art Museum of China, Central Academy of Fine Art
Jeff Sessions Backs Civil-Asset Forfeiture to Bipartisan Criticism
Why Cultural Marxism Matters | Olavo de Carvalho and Stefan Molyneux
Fucking liberals: they'll still deny that black on Asian crime exists
Senate rejects ‘straight repeal’ of Obamacare
The Role of Digital Experience Monitoring in Government
UK will not accept chlorinated chicken to secure U.S. trade deal
Trump And Congress Are Probably On A Collision Course Over Russia
The Conservative Case for Universal Healthcare
Out, Out, Out: Immigration detainees can be jailed indefinitely, federal judge rules
U.S. President intends to place bans on transgender citizens serving in military.
Trent Reznor: Donald Trump A ‘Grotesque Person’ Who Represents Everything The Nine Inch Nails Frontman Hates
Something is Wrong with MSNBC 😂
End the War on Black People - The Movement for Black Lives
Department of Justice Argues Civil Rights Act Does Not Protect 'Homosexuals'
Canada wasn't — and isn't — ready for an Indigenous governor general - CBC News
so, biggest baddest most $$ military on earth cries about a few trans people 😩 but funds the F-35? 😑 sounds like cowardice 😎💕🌈 #WeGotThis
Trump Talks to 40,000 Boy Scouts; His Foes Declare it "Like a Nazi Youth Rally"
Basler no longer with MU Student Life
Long story short, does anyone out there have a sense of what will be the likely outcome of this Congressional aide arrest story?
MORE BLACK ON ASIAN CRIME AGAIN: ASIAN WOMAN GETS BRUTALLY BEAT WITH BRASS KNUCKLES IN CAR JACKING ATTEMPT
Abusing Food Stamps and Section 8
Boy Scouts Love Trump and it Infuriates CNN - Generation Z Will Vote Republican
Homeowner Shoots And Kills A Transgender Who Broke In His House: Cops Say He Is Mentally Ill
He was brought to Virginia as a toddler, deported at 19. He died in an overheated tractor-trailer trying to return.
THE ORIGINAL! King Jesus Caught Trump In A Net Called Trump Russia Collu...
Come in and read. China's GDP is larger than you think and there is an independent study by a highly established western institution to prove it.
CLASS WARFARE
Transgender Air Force Staff Sergeant Slams Trump's Service Ban: He 'Is Doing This Country an Injustice'
UKIP NIgel Farage Hosts LBC - President Trump's Transgender Military BAN
Public Supports Aim of Making It ‘Easy’ for All Citizens to Vote
Grant Stinchfield Demands Igor Volsky Apologize to the Boy Scouts of America
Nevada alcohol distributors can’t halt weed flow, says judge
Feds Subsidized Housing for 'Nonexistent Tenants' - Washington Free Beacon
Canadian Historian TRAMPLED Chinese Burial Ground, 'for Viewers Like You'
China to change state-owned firms into corporations
Swedish Shop Refuses Woman Service For Not Wearing Hijab
THE ORIGINAL! Trump Won't Get Anything Done Because He Colluded With Putin!
San Juan Co. ordered to redraw boundaries in gerrymandering lawsuit
We The People: Interview w/ Dr. Cynthia McKinney - Corruption in Politics &amp; Meetup Suppressing the #UNRIG Campaign
Mahwah NJ Residents Worry Plastic ‘Eruv’ Pipes Could Spark Orthodox Jewish ‘Invasion’
Born to Run: A Five-Part Strategy for Winning in 2020, and Why Bruce Springsteen Should Be the One to Usher in Our Bright Progressive Future
Minneapolis Police Department unveils new anti-discrimination policy...
SHOCK: Scaramucci ALREADY REPORTED Reince Priebus to FBI For Leaking His Financial Disclosure!
Bucking His Boss, Trump’s New Lawyer Says He Thinks ‘Very Highly’ Of Mueller.
Brussels piles pressure on EU eastern bloc countries over migrants
The United States is imposing new sanctions on Russia, threatening China with a nuclear strike ... The shift in the political psyche is obvious. The form of acute aggressive paranoia. - translation Alexey_Pushkov
I’d launch nukes at China, says US Pacific Fleet chief
Senate Testimony: Fusion GPS Helped Corrupt Russians, Venezuelans
Scaramucci-Priebus feud reaches boiling point.
IT Aide Was Still on DWS's Payroll After Stealing Equipment
Firm Behind Fake Russia Dossier Was Paid by the Russians
OUR VIEW: Illinois gerrymandering an abuse of power
Trey Gowdy's Opening For Office of National Drug Control Policy
Revival of Ranked Choice Voting Marks Phillips' Attention to Detail
Pakistan village elders orders the rape of a 17-year-old girl after her brother was accused of raping another girl
Bipartisan Group Of Governors Warns Senate Against ‘Skinny Repeal’.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Aide Arrested Trying to Flee the Country
Admiral Says He'd Launch A Nuclear Strike On China If Trump Ordered It
Anti-Assad Footage of Syrian boy 'braving sniper fire' to rescue girl was faked by Norwegian filmmakers...on the Gladiator Movie Set
Corporate Liberal Media Doesn't Understand They Have Lost To PewDiePie &amp; Generation Z
Sex assault suspect tied up woman, threatened to kill her: Sexual assailant of 65-year-old Portland woman has been DEPORTED 20 TIMES
Refugee "Children" &amp; The Women Who Sexually Exploit Them: Sweden took in refugee children who aren't actually children, it was insanely expensive, and now feminist social workers are having sex with them.
CIA chief hints agency is working to change Venezuelan government
Eurasian woman lured to India ends up being kidnapped and raped for 6 months
UK Teenage Girl Plotted Grenade Attack, Married Islamic State Fighter Online
When will there be harmony?
The Exploding DNC IT Scandal Is As Crazy As Fiction
Overlooked class action against Democratic Party and Wasserman Schultz turns nasty
Tucker and Steyn Expose the Awans and Dem Hypocrisy
UKIP Nigel Farage Tells Jon Gaunt He Will Return If Hard BREXIT Doesn't Happen
N. Dharam Singh, former Karnataka CM, dies at 80
New friend-of-the-court brief argues for self-government - Free Speech for People
Scaramucci: DC needs to suppress instinct to hurt Trump
LOL! Michelle Malkin Launches 'Conservatives for Maxine Waters for President'
New Arabic Swimming Pool Signs Warn Guests Not to Molest Bikini-Clad Girls
Alex Jones Crazy Interview With Heidi Montag &amp; Spencer Pratt
(book excerpt) Two very different young democrats in Hong Kong tell their stories
Awan Arrested At Airport As Democrats In Panic
Maajid Nawaz Is Planning To SUE The SPLC
The Point Of Balance Towards Women
How India and China Have Come to the Brink Over a Remote Mountain Pass
Attention Ladies!
Trey Gowdy Pummels CNN's Erin Burnett with the U.S. Constitution
Braindead Pelosi and Schumer Beg the Middle Class For Votes after Calling them Deplorable
Lyft driver, 48, 'grabbed a passenger, 25, by the throat, put her in zip-ties and then raped her at knifepoint in the back of his car' after she fell asleep on the ride home from a night out
Report: Prof Blasted for Opposing 'Day Without White People' Files $3.8M Suit Against College
Diamond and Silk: We are not buying the fake news
Durbin: "We're Moving Closer And Closer To A Single-Payer Option"
CBS Touts Video of Woman Berating Border Patrol Agent
CIA director confirms the US is pushing for a new gov in Venezuela (after joking about history of bloody CIA coups and fascist death squads)
New FDA chief wants to bring prescription costs down
Former Transgender: Trump 'Made Right Decision,' 'Military Is a Fighting Force, Not a Gender Clinic'
Will stocks' positive momentum continue?
Browder Testimony: Fusion GPS, Firm Behind Trump Dossier and Planned Parenthood, Served Putin's Corruption
7/27/15 2:18am Us central time Out of the first 200 submissions to /POLITIC 104 of them are by people I have tagged as being from the donald subreddit.
Decline in manufacturing employment reduces marriage value of men.
Effect of US military ban on transgender troops remains to be seen
Shock Claim: Florida County Has ‘Thousands’ of Voters Over Age 100
CIA Gives More Power to Spies to Bolster Intelligence Operations; China, not Russia, poses greatest long-term threat
“Sculptor Dimensions” at the Taoxichuan Art Museum of China, Central Academy of Fine Art
Jeff Sessions Backs Civil-Asset Forfeiture to Bipartisan Criticism
Why Cultural Marxism Matters | Olavo de Carvalho and Stefan Molyneux
Fucking liberals: they'll still deny that black on Asian crime exists
Senate rejects ‘straight repeal’ of Obamacare
The Role of Digital Experience Monitoring in Government
UK will not accept chlorinated chicken to secure U.S. trade deal
Trump And Congress Are Probably On A Collision Course Over Russia
The Conservative Case for Universal Healthcare
Out, Out, Out: Immigration detainees can be jailed indefinitely, federal judge rules
U.S. President intends to place bans on transgender citizens serving in military.
Trent Reznor: Donald Trump A ‘Grotesque Person’ Who Represents Everything The Nine Inch Nails Frontman Hates
Something is Wrong with MSNBC 😂
End the War on Black People - The Movement for Black Lives
Department of Justice Argues Civil Rights Act Does Not Protect 'Homosexuals'
Canada wasn't — and isn't — ready for an Indigenous governor general - CBC News
so, biggest baddest most $$ military on earth cries about a few trans people 😩 but funds the F-35? 😑 sounds like cowardice 😎💕🌈 #WeGotThis
Trump Talks to 40,000 Boy Scouts; His Foes Declare it "Like a Nazi Youth Rally"
Basler no longer with MU Student Life
Long story short, does anyone out there have a sense of what will be the likely outcome of this Congressional aide arrest story?
MORE BLACK ON ASIAN CRIME AGAIN: ASIAN WOMAN GETS BRUTALLY BEAT WITH BRASS KNUCKLES IN CAR JACKING ATTEMPT
Abusing Food Stamps and Section 8
Boy Scouts Love Trump and it Infuriates CNN - Generation Z Will Vote Republican
Homeowner Shoots And Kills A Transgender Who Broke In His House: Cops Say He Is Mentally Ill
He was brought to Virginia as a toddler, deported at 19. He died in an overheated tractor-trailer trying to return.
THE ORIGINAL! King Jesus Caught Trump In A Net Called Trump Russia Collu...
Come in and read. China's GDP is larger than you think and there is an independent study by a highly established western institution to prove it.
CLASS WARFARE
Transgender Air Force Staff Sergeant Slams Trump's Service Ban: He 'Is Doing This Country an Injustice'
UKIP NIgel Farage Hosts LBC - President Trump's Transgender Military BAN
Public Supports Aim of Making It ‘Easy’ for All Citizens to Vote
Grant Stinchfield Demands Igor Volsky Apologize to the Boy Scouts of America
Nevada alcohol distributors can’t halt weed flow, says judge
Feds Subsidized Housing for 'Nonexistent Tenants' - Washington Free Beacon
Canadian Historian TRAMPLED Chinese Burial Ground, 'for Viewers Like You'
China to change state-owned firms into corporations
Gross as Gross Gets!
The Terminator Heads to the Supreme Court
Trump really must go!
Breaking: Former Wasserman-Schultz IT Staffer Imran Awan Arrested at Airport While Trying to Flee U.S.
Finally, trouble in Trump’s base: Breitbart sides with Jeff Sessions, slams Donald Trump
Normalized Racisme: Black People Freak Out On White Woman For Opening A Restaurant In Their Neighborhood
Western women are so free nowadays that they lust for oppression
Willie Nelson, on a tour bus, on divisive politics, Jeff Sessions and marijuana
Need help identifying piece.
Rookie.
Child Abuse in Sweden: Raised Without Gender - Its hard to imagine how their life will be fucked up, once those children grow up.
Why the Left Protects Islam
LIVE (JUL 25 8:40 EST): "As of tonight, Debbie Wasserman Schultz is still employing Imwan Awan, who was just arrested in Dulles last night. Debbie Wasserman Schultz must be scared right now." - George, Trish &amp; Jason
Malawi Law Commission backs 50-plus one electoral system: Electing a President by majority
Does the United States Constitution protect my freedom of speech from the Geneva Conventions?
Introducing: The Fair Representation Act
Trudeau insists NAFTA must have dispute mechanism despite U.S. demands it be eliminated
A Strong Argument for Multi-Member Districts &amp;amp; Ranked Choice Voting in Georgia
Can't Afford a Toilet? 'Go and Sell Your Wife,' an Indian Official Suggests. Donald Trump wants Indians to live in the U.S. from India
UKIP Nigel Farage Confronts Caller Who Thinks Britain Didn't Exist Before EU
Reminder: Anyone who advocates mass immigration from 3rd World countries needs to watch this video: Immigration, World Poverty and Gumballs - Why Immigration Will Never Work
Transgender logic: When you're not mentally ill
Pedophile website administrator Kurt Eichenwald buys boy for $2000, realizes the boy is an adult, and asks for his $2000 back.
MIGRANT RAPE CRISIS: Nearly Half of All Rapes in Sweden Are on Children
(video) Trailer for Kaitlin Solimine's "Empire of Glass"
Senators Promise to Amend Israel Boycott Bill After Backlash
Inside the Beltway: Congress loves media, not voters says a melancholy new poll
"The Raping of German women by asylum seekers is becoming commonplace".
WATCH: California Imam calls on Allah to annihilate Jews
Apartment fire suspect is in the country illegally, faces deportation after trial
Senate committee drops Manafort subpoena
Pediatrician: Transgender Ideology Is Having A Negative Impact On Children
Jeff Sessions’s opponent on marijuana is a bit tougher than Trump
UKIP Nigel Farage On LBC - The Jeremy Corbyn Student Debt Row
African-American activists urge Dems against chasing working-class whites
Senators caught bashing ‘crazy’ Trump, ‘unattractive’ lawmaker on hot mic
Sperm count has fallen by nearly 60 per cent in richer countries
Aumenta el número de ataques de musulmanes a perros y a sus dueños por ser animales impuros / Increases the number of Muslim attacks on dogs and their owners as impure animals
Trump's faint praise for Sessions: 'Time will tell'
Study: 8,471 Cases of Double Voting Uncovered in 21 States
Apparently it is racist for an Asian woman to like Asian guys.
Bernie Sanders Just Said That Republicans Want Thousands Of People To DIE!
Dem Congressman: Democratic Party 'Sometimes Slips Into Intolerance'
The Satanic Establishment In Full Blown Panic Over Trump
TUCKER LASHES MAXINE WATERS AGAIN! CALLS HER 'CRIMINAL'
Dalai Lama: “Vladimir Putin is right... the U.S.A. created ISIS',Obama must go to jail - 01 November 2016
Herman Cain: President Trump is reasserting results
Tucker Carlson Destroys Smug Gay Writer
5 Things To Know About Sarah Huckabee Sanders
Chain Migration
Tommy Robinson &amp;amp; Kevin Carroll On Their Way To Portsmouth
Can't Wait To Get Some Of That Delicious Enrichment
X-Files drops the truth.
US Senator John McCain: "I know ISIS intimately, I've met them and I talk to them all the time."
Stop deporting refugees back to Afghanistan
United Says TSA Wants All Comic Con Comic Books Searched; TSA Says 'Not Us'
WE - A planetary charter of values for the 21st century!
Fox News Live Stream 7/25/17 - Tucker Carlson Tonight Live - Sean Hannity Live
Why Locals Are Leaving Gulangyu, China’s Latest Heritage Site
The Death of Masculinity: Why Men Will Rise Again
In Search of Firmer Cosmopolitan Solidarity: The Need for a Sentimentalist Case for Open Borders
American imperialism is an environmental issue too: South Korean Government finds pollution 162 times higher than safe levels near US military base
Minnesota cop who fatally shot Australian woman was 'fast-tracked' into the force
Anti-Chinese Posters at Australian Universities Are Tied to White Supremacists
Turkey backtracks on terror financing charge against German companies
The Venice Commission published an opinion on changing the electoral system
[France] Recent police attacks on distributions | Calais Migrant Solidarity via r/worldanarchism
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Government Vs Parents On Their Children
Trump must support India against China
The Religious Right’s Favorite Medical Association Is a Hate Group
Will Denver Be The Next Major City to Adopt Ranked Choice Voting?
John McCain to return to Senate Tuesday for health care vote
New DNC Slogan Is So Massively Dumb That It Caused Me to Laugh Until I Felt Sick (SJW!)
Tucker Carlson And Charles Krauthammer Discuss The Democratic Party's Future
Coming up: Redistricting to take center stage next week
FBI Seized Crushed Hard Drives From Home Of Wasserman Schultz' IT Aide
China's navy expands reach: Ships in Baltic for drills with Russia
U.S. Intelligence Veterans Believe Clinton's "Russian Hack" of DNC Computers Looks Like an Inside Job (i.e. Seth Rich)
H.R. 3057 - Opinions on "Reforming Congressional Elections Through Ranked Choice Voting, Multi-Member Districts, and Independent Redistricting Commissions"
Marginalize This: Turning the Tables on Neoliberal Triumphalism
Congressman uses recording of GOP baseball practice shooting for gun rights ad
Why is China reinforcing its border with North Korea?
IDF Chief Says Israel is Becoming Like Nazi Germany, Refuses to Back Down
Checkpoint, U.S.A.: Crossing the border into Trump’s America
President Trump's MASSIVE Speech To Record-Breaking Crowd @ Boy Scout Jamboree 7/24/17
Fareed Zakaria reported that since 1981, 95% of the global reduction in poverty was the work of China alone.
Hillary Clinton Corruption “Darker History” Documentary
John McCain set for Senate return on Tuesday following cancer diagnosis
Who would win?
Are America’s Wars Just and Moral?
Trump may be considering replacing Sessions with Giuliani
The Left Don't Like How Twitter Censors Anymore, Stock Likely To Tank
Imperialists
New York, California Moving to Permit Illegal Aliens to Practice Law?
Democrats &amp; Corporate Media Are Lying About The Law When It Comes To Donald Trump Jr.
Trump Boy Scouts Boo Obama
Surprisingly unique China summer reading list
On The Current International Zionist Smear Campaign
Federal judge allows Trump commission's nationwide voter data request to go forward
READER'S NOTE--Use a stuffy English accent, like in the nature programs, for the announcer’s part…. it is funnier
Breaking: COG Plan To Overthrow Trump Revealed
We're taking the fight to the alt-right on a free browser game (which is also a bit of fun too)
THE ORIGINAL! Trump's BIG RUSSIAN DEAL To Be Revealed! There Is Collusio...
America IRL
Searched at gunpoint for getting on the sesh - welcome to Lithuania
Jared Kushner: 'All of My Actions Were Proper'
Why We Should Respect Each Other’s Politics
China Forces Muslim Minority to Install Spyware on Their Phones
China warns India not to ‘push its luck’ amid border stand-off in Himalayas
Right-Wing Witch Hunting Is Very Hypocritical
Scaramucci Tells Tapper He Needs a Kleenex
President Trump Gives a Statement on Healthcare
The Real History of The Crusades
Steven Crowder being blatantly sexist
Even Spain Is Having Trouble With Muslim Invading. All Western Nation Citizens Need To Wake Up
The New Cold War: Brought to You by the Socialist Neocons and Socialist Neoliberals
China’s debt surpasses 300 percent of GDP
Sean has shown clear sign distress for a long time- look at the flag.
FBI Seize Smashed Hard Drives From Wasserman Schultz IT Aide
COMMENT: Is Moldova's new election system a threat to democracy?
Make democracy great again: Rep. Don Beyer's revolutionary bill could transform how we elect ...
US Lawmakers Introduce Bill to “Open Our Democracy”
THE ORIGINAL! Can An Illegitimately Elected President Pardon Anyone? No!...
Malcolm X: White Liberals Are More Deceitful Than Conservatives
Hilarious! Anthony Scaramucci Handles CNN &amp; Jake Tapper... The Least Trusted Name In News
Arnold Schwarzenegger lends muscle to the fight against gerrymandering
Massenschlägerei in Flüchtlingsheim, Polizist gibt Warnschuss ab
“No Chinese Allowed” signs seen around universities in Melbourne
Schumer bails on Clinton's Russian ruse
Zurück zum Streit
George Webb (via Crowdsource the Truth): "I want to do a shout out to all the #PIZZAGATE folks - who did a tremendous amount of research, but I don't want to get pigeon-holed, when there is a buffet of criminality in this Great Gatsby-inspired network of horror." [paraphrased]
Steve Bannon takes calls from listeners to his former radio show, 2015-16 (audio)
Official Chinese Media is actually addressing White worship now
India’s strong blow:Modi Government’s “Dollar Diplomacy” blows off China!!
Syria Propaganda Ploy. More Stories Within Stories
Sargon of Akkad explains Kekistan to The Amazing Atheist #FreeKekistan
China, Britain: From feud to friendship
Australia sends something to India, makes both China and Pak worried!!
The Soldiers of Odin: Inside Canada's Extremist Vigilante Group
Baltimore cop suspended for planting evidence on video
Tomb Robbing, Perilous but Alluring, Makes Comeback in China
KTR Birthday
Mass-media admits Clinton Armed and Employed ISIS to wage urban warfare inside Syria
Did Jeff Sessions get busted for lying to Congress again?
Tampa-based makeup artist disqualified from contest over pro-Trump post
Senate Leader slams Democrats for blaming Russia for Clinton
Top 10 liberalisms
The British government approved £283m of arms sales to Saudi Arabia in the six months after a Saudi airstrike on a funeral that killed scores of people and was criticised by the UN
LARB gets its own "China Channel"; Alec Ash named managing editor
China's Great Firewall is hurting it's economy
Cohen: Forget "Russiagate," "Intelgate" Is Real Scandal; Someone In CIA "Running An Operation" Against Trump
Trump Approval Rating Tops 79%
Roger Stone Reacts To Sean Spicer Resignation
Case of missing China scholar rattles compatriots at U.S. colleges: Chinese media have framed the case as emblematic of a security problem in the United States. On Weibo, commenters have repeatedly questioned the FBI's effectiveness in investigating the case
Welcome to Yiwu: China's testing ground for a multicultural city | Cities
Выборы через голосования в фб?
Pope says evil GMOs are approved by the Catholic Church
In the last 40 years CEO pay has risen by 937% while worker wages have remained stagnant
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected! ~ 4:20 AM - 9 Aug 2014
Out of the loop: Did Trump want to pardon himself?
"Vote Democrat because anything is possible."
I Am A Canadian And This Is My Story (As Long As You're Non-White)
Dem Rep. Mike Quigley: When You Meet With Any Russian, You Are Meeting With Putin
I recently talked with one of the last Peel Islanders, a descendant of the original Western colonists in what is now Japanese Ogasawara. He told me about war, ancestry, and identity.
REFERENDUM BREAKDOWN: Do voters really have a say?
Maine voters question if voices are being heard due to referendum changes
Reform Roundup: June 30th, 2017
Macron threatens French REFERENDUM to get reforms of 'profound change' through
Veterans' Access to Medical Marijuana Hinges on Monday Vote
Can a Shenzhen art project about the Cultural Revolution soothe Hong Kong’s political blues?
Jacob Rees-Mogg &amp; Jess Phillips Reviewing GE2017 Campaign-Fallout
Forgotten “Anniversaries” of U.S. Sponsored Military Coups against Democracy
U.S., China Sign Historic Agreement to Provide Market Access for U.S. Rice Exports
Donald Trump Advert SLAMS FAKE NEWS - The Crime so far is LEAKS Against Us
Michel Barnier Dodges A Question On ECJ Control
Alt-righters confront Chuck C. Johnson about his failure to marry a White woman; his response: "Dude. Seriously. I tried. Really hard. I'm not from the heartland. I'm from Boston and Los Angeles. Good luck finding a woman who isn't a feminist cunt."
Massachusetts Cannabis Overhaul Could Prompt Legal Challenge
Is there a bromance between Macron and Trump?
Exclusive: U.S. immigration raids to target teenaged suspected gang members
Dawkins Deplatformed
Bilingual children appear to get a head start on empathy-related skills such as learning to take someone else's perspective. This is because they have to follow social cues to figure out which language to use with which person and in what setting.
RT crew caught up in violence covering clashes in Jerusalem
(review) Karen Kao's "The Dancing Girl &amp; the Turtle" deals with rape, self-harm and prostitution
Medicaid Expansion Had a Huge Impact on the Finances of the Poor
Atlanta group protests CNN coverage of Trump
Marijuana Access For Veterans Hinges On Upcoming House Vote
The Future of California Cannabis Depends on Rain
British scumbag claims Britain did nothing wrong in the events leading up to the Opium war
Canadian living in Thailand with Thai wife and hapa child committed suicide after being arrested and charged with running a darkweb market. He was a roosh v member and posted often about dating and marriage in thailand. Was also racist to muslims.
Supporters back ranked-choice voting for Santa Fe's 2018 elections
For Asian Americans, a changing landscape on college admissions
Jill Stein kicks Clinton DNC hornets' nest
Russia-China exercises a 'natural response' to US-NATO military advances
Meet Trump’s Pick for FBI Director, Chris Wray
Lauren Southern BOOTED From Patreon Crowdfunding Website, Violent ANTIFA Groups Remain
Our OFFICIAL COMPLAINT to Canada's CBC for anti-China bias.
Refugees have little effect on native worker wages
Join this new and stable government simulating discord server!
A world of free movement would be $78 trillion richer
Obsession with Equality: The Religion of the Left
Gross as Gross Gets!
The Terminator Heads to the Supreme Court
Trump really must go!
Breaking: Former Wasserman-Schultz IT Staffer Imran Awan Arrested at Airport While Trying to Flee U.S.
Finally, trouble in Trump’s base: Breitbart sides with Jeff Sessions, slams Donald Trump
Normalized Racisme: Black People Freak Out On White Woman For Opening A Restaurant In Their Neighborhood
Western women are so free nowadays that they lust for oppression
Willie Nelson, on a tour bus, on divisive politics, Jeff Sessions and marijuana
Need help identifying piece.
Rookie.
Child Abuse in Sweden: Raised Without Gender - Its hard to imagine how their life will be fucked up, once those children grow up.
Why the Left Protects Islam
LIVE (JUL 25 8:40 EST): "As of tonight, Debbie Wasserman Schultz is still employing Imwan Awan, who was just arrested in Dulles last night. Debbie Wasserman Schultz must be scared right now." - George, Trish &amp; Jason
Malawi Law Commission backs 50-plus one electoral system: Electing a President by majority
Does the United States Constitution protect my freedom of speech from the Geneva Conventions?
Introducing: The Fair Representation Act
Trudeau insists NAFTA must have dispute mechanism despite U.S. demands it be eliminated
A Strong Argument for Multi-Member Districts &amp;amp; Ranked Choice Voting in Georgia
Can't Afford a Toilet? 'Go and Sell Your Wife,' an Indian Official Suggests. Donald Trump wants Indians to live in the U.S. from India
UKIP Nigel Farage Confronts Caller Who Thinks Britain Didn't Exist Before EU
Reminder: Anyone who advocates mass immigration from 3rd World countries needs to watch this video: Immigration, World Poverty and Gumballs - Why Immigration Will Never Work
Transgender logic: When you're not mentally ill
Pedophile website administrator Kurt Eichenwald buys boy for $2000, realizes the boy is an adult, and asks for his $2000 back.
MIGRANT RAPE CRISIS: Nearly Half of All Rapes in Sweden Are on Children
(video) Trailer for Kaitlin Solimine's "Empire of Glass"
Senators Promise to Amend Israel Boycott Bill After Backlash
Inside the Beltway: Congress loves media, not voters says a melancholy new poll
"The Raping of German women by asylum seekers is becoming commonplace".
WATCH: California Imam calls on Allah to annihilate Jews
Apartment fire suspect is in the country illegally, faces deportation after trial
Senate committee drops Manafort subpoena
Pediatrician: Transgender Ideology Is Having A Negative Impact On Children
Jeff Sessions’s opponent on marijuana is a bit tougher than Trump
UKIP Nigel Farage On LBC - The Jeremy Corbyn Student Debt Row
African-American activists urge Dems against chasing working-class whites
Senators caught bashing ‘crazy’ Trump, ‘unattractive’ lawmaker on hot mic
Sperm count has fallen by nearly 60 per cent in richer countries
Aumenta el número de ataques de musulmanes a perros y a sus dueños por ser animales impuros / Increases the number of Muslim attacks on dogs and their owners as impure animals
Trump's faint praise for Sessions: 'Time will tell'
Study: 8,471 Cases of Double Voting Uncovered in 21 States
Apparently it is racist for an Asian woman to like Asian guys.
Bernie Sanders Just Said That Republicans Want Thousands Of People To DIE!
Dem Congressman: Democratic Party 'Sometimes Slips Into Intolerance'
The Satanic Establishment In Full Blown Panic Over Trump
TUCKER LASHES MAXINE WATERS AGAIN! CALLS HER 'CRIMINAL'
Dalai Lama: “Vladimir Putin is right... the U.S.A. created ISIS',Obama must go to jail - 01 November 2016
Herman Cain: President Trump is reasserting results
Tucker Carlson Destroys Smug Gay Writer
5 Things To Know About Sarah Huckabee Sanders
Chain Migration
Tommy Robinson &amp;amp; Kevin Carroll On Their Way To Portsmouth
Can't Wait To Get Some Of That Delicious Enrichment
X-Files drops the truth.
US Senator John McCain: "I know ISIS intimately, I've met them and I talk to them all the time."
Stop deporting refugees back to Afghanistan
United Says TSA Wants All Comic Con Comic Books Searched; TSA Says 'Not Us'
WE - A planetary charter of values for the 21st century!
Fox News Live Stream 7/25/17 - Tucker Carlson Tonight Live - Sean Hannity Live
Why Locals Are Leaving Gulangyu, China’s Latest Heritage Site
The Death of Masculinity: Why Men Will Rise Again
In Search of Firmer Cosmopolitan Solidarity: The Need for a Sentimentalist Case for Open Borders
American imperialism is an environmental issue too: South Korean Government finds pollution 162 times higher than safe levels near US military base
Minnesota cop who fatally shot Australian woman was 'fast-tracked' into the force
Anti-Chinese Posters at Australian Universities Are Tied to White Supremacists
Turkey backtracks on terror financing charge against German companies
The Venice Commission published an opinion on changing the electoral system
[France] Recent police attacks on distributions | Calais Migrant Solidarity via r/worldanarchism
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Government Vs Parents On Their Children
Trump must support India against China
The Religious Right’s Favorite Medical Association Is a Hate Group
Will Denver Be The Next Major City to Adopt Ranked Choice Voting?
John McCain to return to Senate Tuesday for health care vote
New DNC Slogan Is So Massively Dumb That It Caused Me to Laugh Until I Felt Sick (SJW!)
Tucker Carlson And Charles Krauthammer Discuss The Democratic Party's Future
Coming up: Redistricting to take center stage next week
FBI Seized Crushed Hard Drives From Home Of Wasserman Schultz' IT Aide
China's navy expands reach: Ships in Baltic for drills with Russia
U.S. Intelligence Veterans Believe Clinton's "Russian Hack" of DNC Computers Looks Like an Inside Job (i.e. Seth Rich)
H.R. 3057 - Opinions on "Reforming Congressional Elections Through Ranked Choice Voting, Multi-Member Districts, and Independent Redistricting Commissions"
Marginalize This: Turning the Tables on Neoliberal Triumphalism
Congressman uses recording of GOP baseball practice shooting for gun rights ad
Why is China reinforcing its border with North Korea?
IDF Chief Says Israel is Becoming Like Nazi Germany, Refuses to Back Down
Checkpoint, U.S.A.: Crossing the border into Trump’s America
President Trump's MASSIVE Speech To Record-Breaking Crowd @ Boy Scout Jamboree 7/24/17
Fareed Zakaria reported that since 1981, 95% of the global reduction in poverty was the work of China alone.
Hillary Clinton Corruption “Darker History” Documentary
John McCain set for Senate return on Tuesday following cancer diagnosis
Who would win?
Are America’s Wars Just and Moral?
Trump may be considering replacing Sessions with Giuliani
The Left Don't Like How Twitter Censors Anymore, Stock Likely To Tank
Imperialists
New York, California Moving to Permit Illegal Aliens to Practice Law?
Democrats &amp; Corporate Media Are Lying About The Law When It Comes To Donald Trump Jr.
Trump Boy Scouts Boo Obama
Surprisingly unique China summer reading list
On The Current International Zionist Smear Campaign
Federal judge allows Trump commission's nationwide voter data request to go forward
READER'S NOTE--Use a stuffy English accent, like in the nature programs, for the announcer’s part…. it is funnier
Breaking: COG Plan To Overthrow Trump Revealed
We're taking the fight to the alt-right on a free browser game (which is also a bit of fun too)
THE ORIGINAL! Trump's BIG RUSSIAN DEAL To Be Revealed! There Is Collusio...
America IRL
Searched at gunpoint for getting on the sesh - welcome to Lithuania
Jared Kushner: 'All of My Actions Were Proper'
Why We Should Respect Each Other’s Politics
China Forces Muslim Minority to Install Spyware on Their Phones
China warns India not to ‘push its luck’ amid border stand-off in Himalayas
Right-Wing Witch Hunting Is Very Hypocritical
Scaramucci Tells Tapper He Needs a Kleenex
President Trump Gives a Statement on Healthcare
The Real History of The Crusades
Steven Crowder being blatantly sexist
Even Spain Is Having Trouble With Muslim Invading. All Western Nation Citizens Need To Wake Up
The New Cold War: Brought to You by the Socialist Neocons and Socialist Neoliberals
China’s debt surpasses 300 percent of GDP
Sean has shown clear sign distress for a long time- look at the flag.
FBI Seize Smashed Hard Drives From Wasserman Schultz IT Aide
COMMENT: Is Moldova's new election system a threat to democracy?
Make democracy great again: Rep. Don Beyer's revolutionary bill could transform how we elect ...
US Lawmakers Introduce Bill to “Open Our Democracy”
THE ORIGINAL! Can An Illegitimately Elected President Pardon Anyone? No!...
Malcolm X: White Liberals Are More Deceitful Than Conservatives
Hilarious! Anthony Scaramucci Handles CNN &amp; Jake Tapper... The Least Trusted Name In News
Arnold Schwarzenegger lends muscle to the fight against gerrymandering
Massenschlägerei in Flüchtlingsheim, Polizist gibt Warnschuss ab
“No Chinese Allowed” signs seen around universities in Melbourne
Schumer bails on Clinton's Russian ruse
Zurück zum Streit
George Webb (via Crowdsource the Truth): "I want to do a shout out to all the #PIZZAGATE folks - who did a tremendous amount of research, but I don't want to get pigeon-holed, when there is a buffet of criminality in this Great Gatsby-inspired network of horror." [paraphrased]
Steve Bannon takes calls from listeners to his former radio show, 2015-16 (audio)
Official Chinese Media is actually addressing White worship now
India’s strong blow:Modi Government’s “Dollar Diplomacy” blows off China!!
Syria Propaganda Ploy. More Stories Within Stories
Sargon of Akkad explains Kekistan to The Amazing Atheist #FreeKekistan
China, Britain: From feud to friendship
Australia sends something to India, makes both China and Pak worried!!
The Soldiers of Odin: Inside Canada's Extremist Vigilante Group
Baltimore cop suspended for planting evidence on video
Tomb Robbing, Perilous but Alluring, Makes Comeback in China
KTR Birthday
Mass-media admits Clinton Armed and Employed ISIS to wage urban warfare inside Syria
Did Jeff Sessions get busted for lying to Congress again?
Tampa-based makeup artist disqualified from contest over pro-Trump post
Senate Leader slams Democrats for blaming Russia for Clinton
Top 10 liberalisms
The British government approved £283m of arms sales to Saudi Arabia in the six months after a Saudi airstrike on a funeral that killed scores of people and was criticised by the UN
LARB gets its own "China Channel"; Alec Ash named managing editor
China's Great Firewall is hurting it's economy
Cohen: Forget "Russiagate," "Intelgate" Is Real Scandal; Someone In CIA "Running An Operation" Against Trump
Trump Approval Rating Tops 79%
Roger Stone Reacts To Sean Spicer Resignation
Case of missing China scholar rattles compatriots at U.S. colleges: Chinese media have framed the case as emblematic of a security problem in the United States. On Weibo, commenters have repeatedly questioned the FBI's effectiveness in investigating the case
Welcome to Yiwu: China's testing ground for a multicultural city | Cities
Выборы через голосования в фб?
Pope says evil GMOs are approved by the Catholic Church
In the last 40 years CEO pay has risen by 937% while worker wages have remained stagnant
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected! ~ 4:20 AM - 9 Aug 2014
Out of the loop: Did Trump want to pardon himself?
"Vote Democrat because anything is possible."
I Am A Canadian And This Is My Story (As Long As You're Non-White)
Dem Rep. Mike Quigley: When You Meet With Any Russian, You Are Meeting With Putin
I recently talked with one of the last Peel Islanders, a descendant of the original Western colonists in what is now Japanese Ogasawara. He told me about war, ancestry, and identity.
REFERENDUM BREAKDOWN: Do voters really have a say?
Maine voters question if voices are being heard due to referendum changes
Reform Roundup: June 30th, 2017
Macron threatens French REFERENDUM to get reforms of 'profound change' through
Veterans' Access to Medical Marijuana Hinges on Monday Vote
Can a Shenzhen art project about the Cultural Revolution soothe Hong Kong’s political blues?
Jacob Rees-Mogg &amp; Jess Phillips Reviewing GE2017 Campaign-Fallout
Forgotten “Anniversaries” of U.S. Sponsored Military Coups against Democracy
U.S., China Sign Historic Agreement to Provide Market Access for U.S. Rice Exports
Donald Trump Advert SLAMS FAKE NEWS - The Crime so far is LEAKS Against Us
Michel Barnier Dodges A Question On ECJ Control
Alt-righters confront Chuck C. Johnson about his failure to marry a White woman; his response: "Dude. Seriously. I tried. Really hard. I'm not from the heartland. I'm from Boston and Los Angeles. Good luck finding a woman who isn't a feminist cunt."
Massachusetts Cannabis Overhaul Could Prompt Legal Challenge
Is there a bromance between Macron and Trump?
Exclusive: U.S. immigration raids to target teenaged suspected gang members
Dawkins Deplatformed
Bilingual children appear to get a head start on empathy-related skills such as learning to take someone else's perspective. This is because they have to follow social cues to figure out which language to use with which person and in what setting.
RT crew caught up in violence covering clashes in Jerusalem
(review) Karen Kao's "The Dancing Girl &amp; the Turtle" deals with rape, self-harm and prostitution
Medicaid Expansion Had a Huge Impact on the Finances of the Poor
Atlanta group protests CNN coverage of Trump
Marijuana Access For Veterans Hinges On Upcoming House Vote
The Future of California Cannabis Depends on Rain
British scumbag claims Britain did nothing wrong in the events leading up to the Opium war
Canadian living in Thailand with Thai wife and hapa child committed suicide after being arrested and charged with running a darkweb market. He was a roosh v member and posted often about dating and marriage in thailand. Was also racist to muslims.
Supporters back ranked-choice voting for Santa Fe's 2018 elections
For Asian Americans, a changing landscape on college admissions
Jill Stein kicks Clinton DNC hornets' nest
Russia-China exercises a 'natural response' to US-NATO military advances
Meet Trump’s Pick for FBI Director, Chris Wray
Lauren Southern BOOTED From Patreon Crowdfunding Website, Violent ANTIFA Groups Remain
Our OFFICIAL COMPLAINT to Canada's CBC for anti-China bias.
Refugees have little effect on native worker wages
Join this new and stable government simulating discord server!
A world of free movement would be $78 trillion richer
Obsession with Equality: The Religion of the Left
Congressman Adam Schiff Introduces Constitutional Amendment To Overturn Citizens United
Pentagon urges India, China to reduce tension through direct dialogue
New House Bill Could Drastically Change How Elections Are Conducted
Four Israeli youths arrested on suspicion of vandalizing Christian Cemetery in Haifa
#CreatorsForChange - YouTube Propaganda Gets REKT - Yet Again
Anne Marie Waters UKIP Campaign - For Britain
How White Supremacy Progresses: Fifty Years of Lessons from Detroit 1967
International fans boycott new korean drama 'Man Who Dies to Live' for cultural appropriation
'Illegitimate coalition' must pay for destroying Syria – Damascus to UN
Angry French workers booby-trap factory, trash machines and threaten to blow the place up
Obsession with Equality: The Religion of the Left
Jeff Sessions Must be Fired
ALFONSO USSIA: Azafatos
Steve May: A call for political reform
Lebanon’s new electoral system
Translation of Lady Zhang [Xingcai]'s official SGZ biography
Bill Shorten's hip-pocket pitch: the economy's not working
Dirk Müller, 19.7. 2017: Die größte Gefahr für die Menschheit an sich
Haitian Immigrants With Temporary Status Await Trump’s Next Move
Netanyahu tells European leaders that their concern for Palestinian rights is "crazy". In recent years, Israel has destroyed hundreds of European-financed structures — including schools, playgrounds and solar panels — built to help Palestinians in the occupied territories.
The Latest Voice at the Lectern: An Effusive New Yorker
Imperialists telling it like it is.
CIA releases 20,000 documents of illegal human experiments
Stefan Molyneux &amp; Alex Jones: Globalism Or Death
Mass-Media Characteristically Silent Over Post Office Breaking Federal Election Laws Rigging Election for Clinton
NY Times reporter accuses white women of racism on city sidewalks
Sicilian mayor moves to block far-right plan to disrupt migrant rescues
Be Clear-Eyed About Democracy's Weaknesses
Investigators: Cop who shot unarmed woman refuses to be interviewed
Canada's CBC ANGRY about 'Mainland Chinese', sentiment analysis shows
Payback
Former DHS Head Jeh Johnson Complains That Trump Is Scaring Off Illegal Aliens
7/21/17: Weekly Address
Most Unpopular President in History Still More Popular Than Hillary Clinton
BROKE: New FEC Report Shows DNC Finished June $3.3 Million in Debt
Artificial Sweeteners Are Linked to Weight Gain: Study
Lindsey Graham Tells Voters: If You Don’t Support DREAM Act – I Don’t Want You to Vote for Me (Video)
The Perfect Response to #AsianPrivilege
THE ORIGINAL! Trump Wants To Pardon All Traitors In The Trump Russia Col...
Studie bemängelt „unkritische“ Berichterstattung in Flüchtlingskrise
US idiocracy proposes criminalizing Americans for boycotting as mindless consumers
NC lawmakers: More than 65% of districts could change to correct racial gerrymanders
ICE chief will hire 10,000 more agents, target sanctuary cities
SCOTUS's Look At Wisconsin Gerrymandering Could Affect Utah
How to Make Congress Bipartisan
Historic Political Decision on the Way
China taking the right step: Justin Bieber banned from China in order to 'purify' nation
Trump Investigates Whether He Can Pardon Himself, His Staff And His Family
China offers to mediate between Israel and Palestine
La invasión islámica de la India: El Genocidio mas grande de la historia – La cuestión musulmana / Islamic Invasion Of India: The Greatest Genocide In History
China takes a leap of faith in Middle East
Inside the Beltway: Broadcasters undermine Trump with an ‘Iron Curtain’ of hostile Russia news
American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. v. Aereo, Inc.
Voter Fraud Database Tops 1,000 Proven Cases
Carrier LIED to the President and the American Citizens. Begins Job Cuts at Indiana Factory and moving the Jobs to Mexico.
Censorship and corruption inside Russian Youtube office.
Poster named "Dr_Shekel_Nig*ger" (slur on Jews and Blacks) brags about his Chinese girlfriend. And she also accepts my world view, with all my "racism", hatred of Islam, etc and agrees wholeheartedly. Not easy to find in a white girl.
Lahren: Number of times Trump has tweeted is breaking news?
Russia And China Declare All Out War On US Petrodollar — Prepare For Exclusive Trade In Gold
Elliot Roger before his shooting spree - he was against Asian male+ white female couples?
Yemen Policy Is Creating More Terrorists
CBO estimates 22 million would lose insurance in a decade under GOP health care bill
"Skippy [John Pedosta] is on the run; the field-side of the Feds are closing in." -- George Webb (via Crowdsource the Truth)
Meet the Former GOP Governor Fighting the Worst Humanitarian Crisis Since 1945
In secular/liberal governments, why are there so many programs designed to thwart Darwinism?
Republicans still can't craft healthcare plan that won't drop coverage for tens of millions | US news
Fake News: Dinnergate, How The Media Turned Trump's Dinner Conversation Into A Scandal (Part 1)
Fake News: Dinnergate, CNN Suggests Trump Made Business Deal With Zero E...
The Martian Photographed by the Curiosity Rover Sol 127 Dec. 14, 2012, bears a striking resemblance to Ernie one part of the Sesame Street Bert &amp; Ernie brotherhood - Which is evidence manned missions had gone to Mars before their characters appeared on Sesame Street decades before the Rover Missions
Berkeley middle school teacher Yvette Felarca arrested on charges of inciting a riot
Collusion? What About Chinagate and Ted Kennedy's Outreach to the USSR?
Voting Rights Battle Just Getting Underway
Tomi Lahren: Why does Hollywood hate Trump?
Literal vampire, potbelly, goblins are hobbling around coming after us. This is better than 93% of all lyrics written in the past decade.
Newspeak: "Employment Equity" In The Canadian Civil Service
Guy says Canada became great because of white people. Everything is about to turn to shit because Canada is turning less white.
President Trump Makes Major Announcement On Pharmaceutical Initiative 7/20/17
THE ORIGINAL! Incriminating Evidence Of Trump's Collusion Is Coming Via ...
News of John McCain’s illness broke during meeting to save GOP health care plan
Trump's Honeymoon With China Ends as Dialogue Turns Frosty
White girl in AMWF: boyfriend's Asian mom and sister won't accept her as more than GF, "they won't accept me or want to meet me as a wife, since he returned home, he has been receiving a lot of negative responses for dating a white girl"
O.J. Simpson free in October. As an ex-con, he could get a job on FOXnews
Trump's Downward Spiral Accelerates As He Is Averaging Almost 5 Lies A Day
Looking at Maori wards
Cubans to Elect Lawmakers Who Will Choose New President
American Promise: Fighting for a 28th Amendment
Turkey claims Daimler, BASF, and other German companies support terror
Reporter Hailed A ‘Patriot' For Defying White House By Live-Streaming Press Briefing.
She was trafficked into Raqa as a sex slave by the Islamic State group but managed to escape. Now, Yazidi fighter Heza is back to avenge the horrors she and thousands of others suffered.
Report: Republican says Trump doesn’t even scare Senate pages.
Gerichte brechen offenbar unter Asylklagen zusammen
White guy: "White People will NOT go extinct because there are 1.35 Billion Chinese People"
Dem Senators Decline To Condemn Women’s March For Supporting Terrorist
'What was going on last night? You just murdered a whole family' - British special forces soldiers in Afghanistan allegedly murdered civilians and faked evidence to make the killings look justified
Rosie O'Donnell sparks outrage with Trump-killing game
Six ways Trump is 'dismantling' the US after six months in office | US news
Albuquerque Tea Party given tax-exempt status after 8 years
After Threatening DC Police Chief With Consequences Wasserman Schultz May Start Cooperating With US Hacking Probe
Evidence Emerges That Democrats Set Up The Donald Trump Jr. Meeting
Congressman Adam Schiff Introduces Constitutional Amendment To Overturn Citizens United
Pentagon urges India, China to reduce tension through direct dialogue
New House Bill Could Drastically Change How Elections Are Conducted
Four Israeli youths arrested on suspicion of vandalizing Christian Cemetery in Haifa
#CreatorsForChange - YouTube Propaganda Gets REKT - Yet Again
Anne Marie Waters UKIP Campaign - For Britain
How White Supremacy Progresses: Fifty Years of Lessons from Detroit 1967
International fans boycott new korean drama 'Man Who Dies to Live' for cultural appropriation
'Illegitimate coalition' must pay for destroying Syria – Damascus to UN
Angry French workers booby-trap factory, trash machines and threaten to blow the place up
Obsession with Equality: The Religion of the Left
Jeff Sessions Must be Fired
ALFONSO USSIA: Azafatos
Steve May: A call for political reform
Lebanon’s new electoral system
Translation of Lady Zhang [Xingcai]'s official SGZ biography
Bill Shorten's hip-pocket pitch: the economy's not working
Dirk Müller, 19.7. 2017: Die größte Gefahr für die Menschheit an sich
Haitian Immigrants With Temporary Status Await Trump’s Next Move
Netanyahu tells European leaders that their concern for Palestinian rights is "crazy". In recent years, Israel has destroyed hundreds of European-financed structures — including schools, playgrounds and solar panels — built to help Palestinians in the occupied territories.
The Latest Voice at the Lectern: An Effusive New Yorker
Imperialists telling it like it is.
CIA releases 20,000 documents of illegal human experiments
Stefan Molyneux &amp; Alex Jones: Globalism Or Death
Mass-Media Characteristically Silent Over Post Office Breaking Federal Election Laws Rigging Election for Clinton
NY Times reporter accuses white women of racism on city sidewalks
Sicilian mayor moves to block far-right plan to disrupt migrant rescues
Be Clear-Eyed About Democracy's Weaknesses
Investigators: Cop who shot unarmed woman refuses to be interviewed
Canada's CBC ANGRY about 'Mainland Chinese', sentiment analysis shows
Payback
Former DHS Head Jeh Johnson Complains That Trump Is Scaring Off Illegal Aliens
7/21/17: Weekly Address
Most Unpopular President in History Still More Popular Than Hillary Clinton
BROKE: New FEC Report Shows DNC Finished June $3.3 Million in Debt
Artificial Sweeteners Are Linked to Weight Gain: Study
Lindsey Graham Tells Voters: If You Don’t Support DREAM Act – I Don’t Want You to Vote for Me (Video)
The Perfect Response to #AsianPrivilege
THE ORIGINAL! Trump Wants To Pardon All Traitors In The Trump Russia Col...
Studie bemängelt „unkritische“ Berichterstattung in Flüchtlingskrise
US idiocracy proposes criminalizing Americans for boycotting as mindless consumers
NC lawmakers: More than 65% of districts could change to correct racial gerrymanders
ICE chief will hire 10,000 more agents, target sanctuary cities
SCOTUS's Look At Wisconsin Gerrymandering Could Affect Utah
How to Make Congress Bipartisan
Historic Political Decision on the Way
China taking the right step: Justin Bieber banned from China in order to 'purify' nation
Trump Investigates Whether He Can Pardon Himself, His Staff And His Family
China offers to mediate between Israel and Palestine
La invasión islámica de la India: El Genocidio mas grande de la historia – La cuestión musulmana / Islamic Invasion Of India: The Greatest Genocide In History
China takes a leap of faith in Middle East
Inside the Beltway: Broadcasters undermine Trump with an ‘Iron Curtain’ of hostile Russia news
American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. v. Aereo, Inc.
Voter Fraud Database Tops 1,000 Proven Cases
Carrier LIED to the President and the American Citizens. Begins Job Cuts at Indiana Factory and moving the Jobs to Mexico.
Censorship and corruption inside Russian Youtube office.
Poster named "Dr_Shekel_Nig*ger" (slur on Jews and Blacks) brags about his Chinese girlfriend. And she also accepts my world view, with all my "racism", hatred of Islam, etc and agrees wholeheartedly. Not easy to find in a white girl.
Lahren: Number of times Trump has tweeted is breaking news?
Russia And China Declare All Out War On US Petrodollar — Prepare For Exclusive Trade In Gold
Elliot Roger before his shooting spree - he was against Asian male+ white female couples?
Yemen Policy Is Creating More Terrorists
CBO estimates 22 million would lose insurance in a decade under GOP health care bill
"Skippy [John Pedosta] is on the run; the field-side of the Feds are closing in." -- George Webb (via Crowdsource the Truth)
Meet the Former GOP Governor Fighting the Worst Humanitarian Crisis Since 1945
In secular/liberal governments, why are there so many programs designed to thwart Darwinism?
Republicans still can't craft healthcare plan that won't drop coverage for tens of millions | US news
Fake News: Dinnergate, How The Media Turned Trump's Dinner Conversation Into A Scandal (Part 1)
Fake News: Dinnergate, CNN Suggests Trump Made Business Deal With Zero E...
The Martian Photographed by the Curiosity Rover Sol 127 Dec. 14, 2012, bears a striking resemblance to Ernie one part of the Sesame Street Bert &amp; Ernie brotherhood - Which is evidence manned missions had gone to Mars before their characters appeared on Sesame Street decades before the Rover Missions
Berkeley middle school teacher Yvette Felarca arrested on charges of inciting a riot
Collusion? What About Chinagate and Ted Kennedy's Outreach to the USSR?
Voting Rights Battle Just Getting Underway
Tomi Lahren: Why does Hollywood hate Trump?
Literal vampire, potbelly, goblins are hobbling around coming after us. This is better than 93% of all lyrics written in the past decade.
Newspeak: "Employment Equity" In The Canadian Civil Service
Guy says Canada became great because of white people. Everything is about to turn to shit because Canada is turning less white.
President Trump Makes Major Announcement On Pharmaceutical Initiative 7/20/17
THE ORIGINAL! Incriminating Evidence Of Trump's Collusion Is Coming Via ...
News of John McCain’s illness broke during meeting to save GOP health care plan
Trump's Honeymoon With China Ends as Dialogue Turns Frosty
White girl in AMWF: boyfriend's Asian mom and sister won't accept her as more than GF, "they won't accept me or want to meet me as a wife, since he returned home, he has been receiving a lot of negative responses for dating a white girl"
O.J. Simpson free in October. As an ex-con, he could get a job on FOXnews
Trump's Downward Spiral Accelerates As He Is Averaging Almost 5 Lies A Day
Looking at Maori wards
Cubans to Elect Lawmakers Who Will Choose New President
American Promise: Fighting for a 28th Amendment
Turkey claims Daimler, BASF, and other German companies support terror
Reporter Hailed A ‘Patriot' For Defying White House By Live-Streaming Press Briefing.
She was trafficked into Raqa as a sex slave by the Islamic State group but managed to escape. Now, Yazidi fighter Heza is back to avenge the horrors she and thousands of others suffered.
Report: Republican says Trump doesn’t even scare Senate pages.
Gerichte brechen offenbar unter Asylklagen zusammen
White guy: "White People will NOT go extinct because there are 1.35 Billion Chinese People"
Dem Senators Decline To Condemn Women’s March For Supporting Terrorist
'What was going on last night? You just murdered a whole family' - British special forces soldiers in Afghanistan allegedly murdered civilians and faked evidence to make the killings look justified
Rosie O'Donnell sparks outrage with Trump-killing game
Six ways Trump is 'dismantling' the US after six months in office | US news
Albuquerque Tea Party given tax-exempt status after 8 years
After Threatening DC Police Chief With Consequences Wasserman Schultz May Start Cooperating With US Hacking Probe
Evidence Emerges That Democrats Set Up The Donald Trump Jr. Meeting
Sorabh Pant does AMA: Annihilate My Ass
/u/brown_pardesi = /u/randiaspeaks = /u/Plum_Bum = /u/cucks-smasher = /u/cuntlicker (the turd who posts NSFW posts and trolling)
What if u/sex_with_a_panda is Sorabh Pant?
CPI(M) unleashing cadres to “eliminate” rivals, says Arun Jaitley
Kerala: Union Minister Arun Jaitley arrives in Thiruvananthapuram; to meet family members of slain RSS worker Rajesh Edavakode shortly
All India Imam Organisation demands nationwide ban on cow slaughter
Alleged Hawala Dealer Aslam Wani Arrested In Case Involving Kashmiri Separatist Shabir Shah
Chabahar Port a gateway to golden opportunities: Nitin Gadkari
The Fate Of Congress-Style ‘Secularism’ In Muslim-Dominated Areas
Bangladeshi Terror Suspect Arrested From Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh
In Pune, tempo held, mob attacks gau rakshaks in Ahmednagar
Shivraj Chouhan takes a leaf out of Modi’s book, to begin monthly radio address
PLA In The Last 50 Years: Just How Strong Is The Dragon?
How Meme Culture Is Getting Teens into Marxism - Broadly
Maharashtra: 20 people detained in Ahmednagar district after mob attacks gau rakshaks
Black money: Swiss say Indian laws 'adequate' for auto-sharing banking info
Fakir: ‘Fakir’ swallows man’s gold ring to rid him of all his problems
Congress flop show in AP, Telangana behind Digvijaya ouster
Thanks to Switzerland, PM Modi can now bring back black money
Congress: Congress's final exit from power matrix
Kerala Muslims being mobilised to become lawyers for fighting against "Islamophobic" judiciary
Extra History - Saragarhi - The Last Stand
Any business owner here? Rundown on your Journey please.
Goddammit u retards stop saying panda is a stooge. He is not. Ur targeting and carrying out a witch hunt u stupid
Union HRD minister Prakash Javadekar predicts 100 per cent literacy in India by 2022
Maharashtra State Haj Committee: Pilgrimage to Mecca: Haj panel seeks Rs 25,000 crore for buying aircraft
Retired Army officer's Sikh family assaulted, asked to leave Bengaluru
Defence News, India now has a private Missile Production Unit ; Thanks to Israel
Nifty may double within 3-4 years: Mark Mobius
Cognizant says 400 senior executives take voluntary separation package
abdullah-al-mamon: UP ATS arrests Bangladesh-linked terror suspect from Muzaffarnagar
Mowgli girl' of lucknow: 'Mowgli girl' finds 'special' friend
BJP to alter Article 35A on permanent residents in J&amp;K?
Vijender offers to return title, wants peace with China
Indian Space Research Organisation: Isro to sign MoU with CSIR-NPL to make desi GPS a reality soon
Shashi Tharoor slammed for trying to downplay killing of RSS workers in Kerala
World Bank refuses to let go of Kerala Minister’s racist comment, writes to FM
The renewable energy revolution in India
Azam Khan’s close aide quits SP, joins BJP
RSS-BJP take on Vijayan, CPM-M over Kerala killings
Triple talaq: Muslim women hail PM Narendra Modi, Yogi Adityanath, send them rakhis
Biggest station redevelopment programme in the world: Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu
Sebi finds no violation of norms at Tata companies
Maharashtra leads skill development in India, 45 million workers to be trained by 2022: Experts
Maharashtra State Haj Committee: Pilgrimage to Mecca: Haj panel seeks Rs 25,000 crore for buying aircraft
Yet another redditor epiphany8 has deleted his account. Sad state of this sub RIP Blackie and all ppl
"India-China standoff in Doklam" - Caspian Report
Maruti Suzuki: Our next car should be developed in India by Indian engineers: Kenichi Ayukawa, MD, Maruti Suzuki
Vice-Presidential Election 2017 LIVE: Venkaiah Naidu wins with 516 votes
Why India Needs a Strategic Artificial Intelligence Vision
Venkaiah Naidu Elected India’s 15th Vice-President
Here is how Railways plans to build airport-like stations without spending a penny
Vijender Wins!
Overseas BJP group galvanising diaspora support for 2019 elections
The Americans Are Back: F-16 for the IAF and F/A-18 for the Indian Navy
AMA with Sorabh Pant tonight at 9pm
BJP workers set to visit EVERY household in India and tell them to hoist the national flag for 15 DAYS
Indo-Israel Strategic Relations within the framework of Hindutva Philosophy
Darshan Lal: First Hindu in Pak govt in over two decades
Narendra Modi is pushing his country to war with hard-line stand, says Chinese daily
Three Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorists killed in Kashmir’s Sopore area, one jawan injured
The Hero who exposed 2G scam; Why Congress is so scared of Dr Swamy?
Studying the sea: India prepares to dive deep with manned craft
RDD for those who have watched Sourabh Pant before the ama announcement and those who haven't on 5/08/17
A charged-up Mahindra: Why the auto disruptor doesn't want to be India's Tesla
The time is right: India moves closer to a ‘desi’ GPS
Rahul Gandhi: Digvijaya Singh tells Gandhis to free him of all posts, cites 'spiritual padayatra' as reason
Top scientist and CCMB founder PM Bhargava passes away at 89. He was an internationally recognised molecular biologist and founder-director of the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology.
Mumbai scientists to protest against cuts in research funding on August 9
Security Scan- Defence Reforms : Shekatkar Commitee Report
India’s 1st womb transplant ‘dangerous escapade of surgical cowboys’, warns doc [May]
Is P Chidambaram the biggest corrupt man India ever saw, you will be shocked to know the amount looted!
Partial lunar eclipse to be visible from all places in India on August 7
Inside Google's RailWire Project Which Provides Free Internet That Works
Declare yourself a terrorist state: India slams Pakistan after Hafiz Saeed announces launch of political party
Tanzeem Merani: Unfazed at being stopped last year, Ahmedabad girl vows to hoist tricolor in Srinagar on August 15
The time is right: India moves closer to a ‘desi’ GPS
Half naked girls get thousands of upvoted how about our half naked lovely PM?
Hey Retarded Indian Government Policy Makers, Please don’t stop driverless cars
Sunny Leone's Adopted Child Was Turned Down By 11 Parents
Petition: [NP]
Hindus are thugs who killed Muslims, to blame for Partition, say Pak textbooks
Indian Army details leaked to foreign spies from Jhansi: UP Anti-Terrorism Squad
Well it's clear BJP is afraid of the rising popularity of Congress VP Rahul Gandhi. This is a cowardly act !! #StonePelterBJP
Karnataka’s CM Is Trying To Do A Raj Thackeray Without Learning Where He Ended Up – In The Dungheap
No proposal to buy F-16 fighters for Indian Air Force: Minister
Humming_boy deleted his account. RIP blacky sorry if I ever hurt u. Apologize for all IndiaSpeaks redditors and Indianews retards
4.2 lakh careers could be on the line: What's wrong at Mumbai University?
Random Daily Discussion thread for people with loads of recondite info and those with none August 4 2017
Hindu Students Forced to Offer Namaz, Embrace Islam in Haryana School
Lalu is a thing of past, would go to jail soon: BJP
Doklam: the word from Ground Zero
BJP: Congress borrows BJP's Twitter quiz idea, gets trolled
Bihar Minister Khurshid Alam asked to remarry as his marriage became void due to chanting 'Jai Shri Ram'
Interrogation of Top Separatist Shahid Ul Islam Shows Money Flows In From Pakistan, London
NPCI achieves 1 billion transaction volume in July:
Chicken biscuits, tulsi bars developed by DRDO for security personnel
Article 30 : Discrimination Against Hindus by the Indian State
Hizbul Terrorist Gunned Down In Jammu and Kashmirs Anantnag
Pranab Da, you have been a father figure: PM to former prez
Indian scientists use tiny bubbles to draw plastic circuits
Sorabh Pant does AMA: Annihilate My Ass
/u/brown_pardesi = /u/randiaspeaks = /u/Plum_Bum = /u/cucks-smasher = /u/cuntlicker (the turd who posts NSFW posts and trolling)
What if u/sex_with_a_panda is Sorabh Pant?
CPI(M) unleashing cadres to “eliminate” rivals, says Arun Jaitley
Kerala: Union Minister Arun Jaitley arrives in Thiruvananthapuram; to meet family members of slain RSS worker Rajesh Edavakode shortly
All India Imam Organisation demands nationwide ban on cow slaughter
Alleged Hawala Dealer Aslam Wani Arrested In Case Involving Kashmiri Separatist Shabir Shah
Chabahar Port a gateway to golden opportunities: Nitin Gadkari
The Fate Of Congress-Style ‘Secularism’ In Muslim-Dominated Areas
Bangladeshi Terror Suspect Arrested From Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh
In Pune, tempo held, mob attacks gau rakshaks in Ahmednagar
Shivraj Chouhan takes a leaf out of Modi’s book, to begin monthly radio address
PLA In The Last 50 Years: Just How Strong Is The Dragon?
How Meme Culture Is Getting Teens into Marxism - Broadly
Maharashtra: 20 people detained in Ahmednagar district after mob attacks gau rakshaks
Black money: Swiss say Indian laws 'adequate' for auto-sharing banking info
Fakir: ‘Fakir’ swallows man’s gold ring to rid him of all his problems
Congress flop show in AP, Telangana behind Digvijaya ouster
Thanks to Switzerland, PM Modi can now bring back black money
Congress: Congress's final exit from power matrix
Kerala Muslims being mobilised to become lawyers for fighting against "Islamophobic" judiciary
Extra History - Saragarhi - The Last Stand
Any business owner here? Rundown on your Journey please.
Goddammit u retards stop saying panda is a stooge. He is not. Ur targeting and carrying out a witch hunt u stupid
Union HRD minister Prakash Javadekar predicts 100 per cent literacy in India by 2022
Maharashtra State Haj Committee: Pilgrimage to Mecca: Haj panel seeks Rs 25,000 crore for buying aircraft
Retired Army officer's Sikh family assaulted, asked to leave Bengaluru
Defence News, India now has a private Missile Production Unit ; Thanks to Israel
Nifty may double within 3-4 years: Mark Mobius
Cognizant says 400 senior executives take voluntary separation package
abdullah-al-mamon: UP ATS arrests Bangladesh-linked terror suspect from Muzaffarnagar
Mowgli girl' of lucknow: 'Mowgli girl' finds 'special' friend
BJP to alter Article 35A on permanent residents in J&amp;K?
Vijender offers to return title, wants peace with China
Indian Space Research Organisation: Isro to sign MoU with CSIR-NPL to make desi GPS a reality soon
Shashi Tharoor slammed for trying to downplay killing of RSS workers in Kerala
World Bank refuses to let go of Kerala Minister’s racist comment, writes to FM
The renewable energy revolution in India
Azam Khan’s close aide quits SP, joins BJP
RSS-BJP take on Vijayan, CPM-M over Kerala killings
Triple talaq: Muslim women hail PM Narendra Modi, Yogi Adityanath, send them rakhis
Biggest station redevelopment programme in the world: Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu
Sebi finds no violation of norms at Tata companies
Maharashtra leads skill development in India, 45 million workers to be trained by 2022: Experts
Maharashtra State Haj Committee: Pilgrimage to Mecca: Haj panel seeks Rs 25,000 crore for buying aircraft
Yet another redditor epiphany8 has deleted his account. Sad state of this sub RIP Blackie and all ppl
"India-China standoff in Doklam" - Caspian Report
Maruti Suzuki: Our next car should be developed in India by Indian engineers: Kenichi Ayukawa, MD, Maruti Suzuki
Vice-Presidential Election 2017 LIVE: Venkaiah Naidu wins with 516 votes
Why India Needs a Strategic Artificial Intelligence Vision
Venkaiah Naidu Elected India’s 15th Vice-President
Here is how Railways plans to build airport-like stations without spending a penny
Vijender Wins!
Overseas BJP group galvanising diaspora support for 2019 elections
The Americans Are Back: F-16 for the IAF and F/A-18 for the Indian Navy
AMA with Sorabh Pant tonight at 9pm
BJP workers set to visit EVERY household in India and tell them to hoist the national flag for 15 DAYS
Indo-Israel Strategic Relations within the framework of Hindutva Philosophy
Darshan Lal: First Hindu in Pak govt in over two decades
Narendra Modi is pushing his country to war with hard-line stand, says Chinese daily
Three Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorists killed in Kashmir’s Sopore area, one jawan injured
The Hero who exposed 2G scam; Why Congress is so scared of Dr Swamy?
Studying the sea: India prepares to dive deep with manned craft
RDD for those who have watched Sourabh Pant before the ama announcement and those who haven't on 5/08/17
A charged-up Mahindra: Why the auto disruptor doesn't want to be India's Tesla
The time is right: India moves closer to a ‘desi’ GPS
Rahul Gandhi: Digvijaya Singh tells Gandhis to free him of all posts, cites 'spiritual padayatra' as reason
Top scientist and CCMB founder PM Bhargava passes away at 89. He was an internationally recognised molecular biologist and founder-director of the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology.
Mumbai scientists to protest against cuts in research funding on August 9
Security Scan- Defence Reforms : Shekatkar Commitee Report
India’s 1st womb transplant ‘dangerous escapade of surgical cowboys’, warns doc [May]
Is P Chidambaram the biggest corrupt man India ever saw, you will be shocked to know the amount looted!
Partial lunar eclipse to be visible from all places in India on August 7
Inside Google's RailWire Project Which Provides Free Internet That Works
Declare yourself a terrorist state: India slams Pakistan after Hafiz Saeed announces launch of political party
Tanzeem Merani: Unfazed at being stopped last year, Ahmedabad girl vows to hoist tricolor in Srinagar on August 15
The time is right: India moves closer to a ‘desi’ GPS
Half naked girls get thousands of upvoted how about our half naked lovely PM?
Hey Retarded Indian Government Policy Makers, Please don’t stop driverless cars
Sunny Leone's Adopted Child Was Turned Down By 11 Parents
Petition: [NP]
Hindus are thugs who killed Muslims, to blame for Partition, say Pak textbooks
Indian Army details leaked to foreign spies from Jhansi: UP Anti-Terrorism Squad
Well it's clear BJP is afraid of the rising popularity of Congress VP Rahul Gandhi. This is a cowardly act !! #StonePelterBJP
Karnataka’s CM Is Trying To Do A Raj Thackeray Without Learning Where He Ended Up – In The Dungheap
No proposal to buy F-16 fighters for Indian Air Force: Minister
Humming_boy deleted his account. RIP blacky sorry if I ever hurt u. Apologize for all IndiaSpeaks redditors and Indianews retards
4.2 lakh careers could be on the line: What's wrong at Mumbai University?
Random Daily Discussion thread for people with loads of recondite info and those with none August 4 2017
Hindu Students Forced to Offer Namaz, Embrace Islam in Haryana School
Lalu is a thing of past, would go to jail soon: BJP
Doklam: the word from Ground Zero
BJP: Congress borrows BJP's Twitter quiz idea, gets trolled
Bihar Minister Khurshid Alam asked to remarry as his marriage became void due to chanting 'Jai Shri Ram'
Interrogation of Top Separatist Shahid Ul Islam Shows Money Flows In From Pakistan, London
NPCI achieves 1 billion transaction volume in July:
Chicken biscuits, tulsi bars developed by DRDO for security personnel
Article 30 : Discrimination Against Hindus by the Indian State
Hizbul Terrorist Gunned Down In Jammu and Kashmirs Anantnag
Pranab Da, you have been a father figure: PM to former prez
Indian scientists use tiny bubbles to draw plastic circuits
Sikkim Standoff: Sushma Swaraj says war is not a solution, India-China can resolve Doklam issue through talks
‘Satellites Are Our Priority Now, Not Human Space Flight’. Having solved key technology bottlenecks, ISRO now aims at launching a PSLV built by a private industry by 2020, says the chairman.
Kashmir Line of Control and Grassroots Peacebuilding
India’s first trauma registry raises hope for accident victims
head mistress HARASSES BOY: Headmistress suspended for 'harassing' boy
Axe may fall on Gaya private schools for RTE Act violation
RDD for those who live in indian time and those who are in foreign
NEET: Tamil Nadu makes ‘final effort’ for exemption
How did Panda become mod so quickly?
Panini and Bharata on Grammar and Art by Subhash Kak
For The First Time, BJP Largest Party In Rajya Sabha, Congress Now No. 2
Sick Of Idli-Dosa, Congress MLAs Holed Up In Bengaluru Resort Demand Gujarati Chef
BJP, RSS upping the ante on 'political violence' in Kerala
pakistan.gov.pk: Pakistan government website hacked, Indian national anthem posted
Hafiz Saeed to run for PM of Pakistan
Nitish Kumar wants forceful retirement of non-performing teachers
Dhinchak Pooja files copyright violation case against Aamir Khan after he reveals his next movie is about a girl singer who becomes a YouTube sensation
By refusing to buckle under China's threats on Doklam, India has called the bully's bluff
Muslim clerics term UP govt’s move to make marriage registration mandatory ‘unfair’
Coming soon: Patanjali's 'swadeshi' jeans and 'snob value' apparel
Philosophy of Bhaja Govindam and the concept of Brahman/God.
On my last day in office as the President, I received a letter from PM @narendramodi that touched my heart! Sharing with you all. (Pranab Mukherjee on Twitter)
Congress shaming itself by opposing Income Tax raid on its minister: BJP
Amit Shah reacts to Congress' allegations, says our policy yielded clear result, Pakistan isolated globally
When Progressives Embrace Hate
After diesel and LPG, government to now end subsidy on kerosene - Times of India
[RDD]The MISSing RDD
Rant about the state of this sub and the retards this sub is now a home to.
Netflix Announces India Original Series ‘Selection Day’ and ‘Again’
A look at Bollywood's botched business model
Communal tensions in Uttarakhand town after a Muslim man 'rapes' a calf
16-year-old boy sodomised by 15 minors
Uttar Pradesh: Group of Muslim women in Varanasi says they want to get rid of #TripleTalaq; recite Hanuman Chalisa at a temple
GST roils India with services PMI plunging most since 2009
India, Japan join hands for big infrastructure push in Northeast
Worried About Identity Theft via Aadhar? Here's How You Can Lock Your Biometric Details.
Is Modi going to be President until 2024? Discuss.
Congress leader Vikram Goud declared prime accused for conspiring, executing an attack on self
Over 1000 cases booked within hours under new traffic system in Hyderabad
How Much of Indian History Is Really True? | Sanjeev Sanyal
Why Kalam - despite being a Muslim - is a favourite of Hindu Right
This is how I-T department is using data analytics to catch tax evaders
kerosene subsidy: After diesel and LPG, government to now end subsidy on kerosene
BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi says cow urine helped a govt law officer recover from illness
Crimes Of The Catholic Church In India
76% Ministers in Bihar tainted: ADR
Railways dispatches special trains for flood-hit areas
Separated by fate, united by Aadhaar: How this mentally challenged teenager found his way back home
Where is all the cow lynching news
Sharad Yadav May Break Away From Nitish Kumar, Form a New Party
Cabinet gives nod to extend proxy voting facility to NRIs: Press Trust of India
Upvote a leftist: as blackbird said this sub is becoming Indianews that is an echo chamber. Whenever you see someone of opposing views post some thing Upvote them
I-T department raids Karnataka energy minister, recovers Rs 10 crore cash
Congress VP Rahul Gandhi with the A-Team of @profcong @ShashiTharoor @milinddeora @GauravGogoiAsm @SalmanSoz &amp; Mrs. Geetha Reddy
Doklam standoff: India issues one-line rebuttal to China’s 15-page fact sheet [international]
Former Trinamool worker's house destroyed after 200 bombs kept by him explodes
R/IndiaSpeaks what's cooking?
No reduction in troops at Doklam: India
Upcoming AMA: stand Up Comedian and Writer Sorabh Pant, formerly of East India Comedy and Creator of Rant of the Pant series - Aug 5th
After Goa and Karnataka, Congress strips Digvijaya of Telangana role - Times of India
In a first, DRDO develops unmanned tank Muntra; from detecting nuclear, bio weapons to mines
Technology Discussion Thread
Mithun Chakraborty's brain transplant - YouTube
Random Daily Discussion for those who are biryanitarians and the other people - August 2 2017
Dirty Tactics of China Explained by Dhruv Rathee | Sikkim Bhutan Border Standoff
Google says it has no record of hiring Chandigarh student on Rs 1.44 cr salary
IT recovers Rs 7.5 cr cash from Karnataka Minister DK Shivakumar's properties
Women Officials in Daman &amp; Diu Ordered to Tie Rakhi to Male Officials
Love, Nikah &amp; Dhoka
Make India an enemy and you will lose your lifeline, Chinese experts caution Beijing over Doklam - Times of India
Why no IT raids at Koovathur when AIADMK MLAs were lodged, asks Stalin
Sealing Border With Pakistan an Immediate Priority, ‘Smart Fence’ in Jammu by March 2018: BSF Chief
Government mulls Aadhaar-based authentication for property deals
Swami Vivekananda Encounters with Christian Missionaries
Hiroshima isotopes help solve Himalayan quake puzzle
Ahmed Patel’s defeat is Sonia Gandhi's defeat
Shopping in Paytm?
Why Are China And India So Populated
How hate crimes may lead to Genocide.
'China-Pakistan Economic Corridor: Master plan for Chinese penetration into Pakistan’s economy'
Is there a demographic component of the proxy war in the Kashmir Valley?
New antibiotic delivery system could improve cancer treatment
Bodoland Muslim student leader Lafiqul Islam Ahmed shot dead in Kokrajhar
Why PM Narendra Modi wants India to dump a 150-year-old financial habit
Electricity-from-water tech ready for take off
Some skincare tips for men please!
DFT - Workout Wednesdays : 02.08.17
Presenting the nashnul animal of India.
Renowned scientist Yash Pal passes away
'Life of a Muslim girl turned model'
[Shit post] How come out sub successfully manages to downvote any comment/post critical of modi but can't handle vote brigading by a couple of trolls.
Finally! A Big Big Win for Indian Men, Thank you Supreme Court
GST impact: Manufacturing PMI drops to its lowest in more than eight years at 47.9 in July
Indian Multi-Industry Survey Shows 97% Awareness of Bitcoin
After hijacking all 'isms', the left-liberals are now trying to hijack and kill Science
Why we need a Ram Temple in Ayodhya
Dr Vinay P Sahasrabuddhe's speech, 01 August, 2017
Protests in Chamba over rape of Class XI Hindu student by a muslim teacher
India and Pakistan: Forever rivals?
Six Hours of Chaos: A Wild Day Inside India’s Overrun Courtrooms: With 30 million pending cases, the country’s dysfunctional legal system is hobbling its emergence as a global economic power
Sikkim Standoff: Sushma Swaraj says war is not a solution, India-China can resolve Doklam issue through talks
‘Satellites Are Our Priority Now, Not Human Space Flight’. Having solved key technology bottlenecks, ISRO now aims at launching a PSLV built by a private industry by 2020, says the chairman.
Kashmir Line of Control and Grassroots Peacebuilding
India’s first trauma registry raises hope for accident victims
head mistress HARASSES BOY: Headmistress suspended for 'harassing' boy
Axe may fall on Gaya private schools for RTE Act violation
RDD for those who live in indian time and those who are in foreign
NEET: Tamil Nadu makes ‘final effort’ for exemption
How did Panda become mod so quickly?
Panini and Bharata on Grammar and Art by Subhash Kak
For The First Time, BJP Largest Party In Rajya Sabha, Congress Now No. 2
Sick Of Idli-Dosa, Congress MLAs Holed Up In Bengaluru Resort Demand Gujarati Chef
BJP, RSS upping the ante on 'political violence' in Kerala
pakistan.gov.pk: Pakistan government website hacked, Indian national anthem posted
Hafiz Saeed to run for PM of Pakistan
Nitish Kumar wants forceful retirement of non-performing teachers
Dhinchak Pooja files copyright violation case against Aamir Khan after he reveals his next movie is about a girl singer who becomes a YouTube sensation
By refusing to buckle under China's threats on Doklam, India has called the bully's bluff
Muslim clerics term UP govt’s move to make marriage registration mandatory ‘unfair’
Coming soon: Patanjali's 'swadeshi' jeans and 'snob value' apparel
Philosophy of Bhaja Govindam and the concept of Brahman/God.
On my last day in office as the President, I received a letter from PM @narendramodi that touched my heart! Sharing with you all. (Pranab Mukherjee on Twitter)
Congress shaming itself by opposing Income Tax raid on its minister: BJP
Amit Shah reacts to Congress' allegations, says our policy yielded clear result, Pakistan isolated globally
When Progressives Embrace Hate
After diesel and LPG, government to now end subsidy on kerosene - Times of India
[RDD]The MISSing RDD
Rant about the state of this sub and the retards this sub is now a home to.
Netflix Announces India Original Series ‘Selection Day’ and ‘Again’
A look at Bollywood's botched business model
Communal tensions in Uttarakhand town after a Muslim man 'rapes' a calf
16-year-old boy sodomised by 15 minors
Uttar Pradesh: Group of Muslim women in Varanasi says they want to get rid of #TripleTalaq; recite Hanuman Chalisa at a temple
GST roils India with services PMI plunging most since 2009
India, Japan join hands for big infrastructure push in Northeast
Worried About Identity Theft via Aadhar? Here's How You Can Lock Your Biometric Details.
Is Modi going to be President until 2024? Discuss.
Congress leader Vikram Goud declared prime accused for conspiring, executing an attack on self
Over 1000 cases booked within hours under new traffic system in Hyderabad
How Much of Indian History Is Really True? | Sanjeev Sanyal
Why Kalam - despite being a Muslim - is a favourite of Hindu Right
This is how I-T department is using data analytics to catch tax evaders
kerosene subsidy: After diesel and LPG, government to now end subsidy on kerosene
BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi says cow urine helped a govt law officer recover from illness
Crimes Of The Catholic Church In India
76% Ministers in Bihar tainted: ADR
Railways dispatches special trains for flood-hit areas
Separated by fate, united by Aadhaar: How this mentally challenged teenager found his way back home
Where is all the cow lynching news
Sharad Yadav May Break Away From Nitish Kumar, Form a New Party
Cabinet gives nod to extend proxy voting facility to NRIs: Press Trust of India
Upvote a leftist: as blackbird said this sub is becoming Indianews that is an echo chamber. Whenever you see someone of opposing views post some thing Upvote them
I-T department raids Karnataka energy minister, recovers Rs 10 crore cash
Congress VP Rahul Gandhi with the A-Team of @profcong @ShashiTharoor @milinddeora @GauravGogoiAsm @SalmanSoz &amp; Mrs. Geetha Reddy
Doklam standoff: India issues one-line rebuttal to China’s 15-page fact sheet [international]
Former Trinamool worker's house destroyed after 200 bombs kept by him explodes
R/IndiaSpeaks what's cooking?
No reduction in troops at Doklam: India
Upcoming AMA: stand Up Comedian and Writer Sorabh Pant, formerly of East India Comedy and Creator of Rant of the Pant series - Aug 5th
After Goa and Karnataka, Congress strips Digvijaya of Telangana role - Times of India
In a first, DRDO develops unmanned tank Muntra; from detecting nuclear, bio weapons to mines
Technology Discussion Thread
Mithun Chakraborty's brain transplant - YouTube
Random Daily Discussion for those who are biryanitarians and the other people - August 2 2017
Dirty Tactics of China Explained by Dhruv Rathee | Sikkim Bhutan Border Standoff
Google says it has no record of hiring Chandigarh student on Rs 1.44 cr salary
IT recovers Rs 7.5 cr cash from Karnataka Minister DK Shivakumar's properties
Women Officials in Daman &amp; Diu Ordered to Tie Rakhi to Male Officials
Love, Nikah &amp; Dhoka
Make India an enemy and you will lose your lifeline, Chinese experts caution Beijing over Doklam - Times of India
Why no IT raids at Koovathur when AIADMK MLAs were lodged, asks Stalin
Sealing Border With Pakistan an Immediate Priority, ‘Smart Fence’ in Jammu by March 2018: BSF Chief
Government mulls Aadhaar-based authentication for property deals
Swami Vivekananda Encounters with Christian Missionaries
Hiroshima isotopes help solve Himalayan quake puzzle
Ahmed Patel’s defeat is Sonia Gandhi's defeat
Shopping in Paytm?
Why Are China And India So Populated
How hate crimes may lead to Genocide.
'China-Pakistan Economic Corridor: Master plan for Chinese penetration into Pakistan’s economy'
Is there a demographic component of the proxy war in the Kashmir Valley?
New antibiotic delivery system could improve cancer treatment
Bodoland Muslim student leader Lafiqul Islam Ahmed shot dead in Kokrajhar
Why PM Narendra Modi wants India to dump a 150-year-old financial habit
Electricity-from-water tech ready for take off
Some skincare tips for men please!
DFT - Workout Wednesdays : 02.08.17
Presenting the nashnul animal of India.
Renowned scientist Yash Pal passes away
'Life of a Muslim girl turned model'
[Shit post] How come out sub successfully manages to downvote any comment/post critical of modi but can't handle vote brigading by a couple of trolls.
Finally! A Big Big Win for Indian Men, Thank you Supreme Court
GST impact: Manufacturing PMI drops to its lowest in more than eight years at 47.9 in July
Indian Multi-Industry Survey Shows 97% Awareness of Bitcoin
After hijacking all 'isms', the left-liberals are now trying to hijack and kill Science
Why we need a Ram Temple in Ayodhya
Dr Vinay P Sahasrabuddhe's speech, 01 August, 2017
Protests in Chamba over rape of Class XI Hindu student by a muslim teacher
India and Pakistan: Forever rivals?
Six Hours of Chaos: A Wild Day Inside India’s Overrun Courtrooms: With 30 million pending cases, the country’s dysfunctional legal system is hobbling its emergence as a global economic power
China and India Scuffle Toward War
Persecution of Hindu Gurus Who Challenge Hinduphobia
Arvind Panagariya Resigns As Vice-Chairman Of Niti Aayog, Says Will Return To Academia
ISRO finds people walking on the Moon lolol the poor condition of roads in india
RDD for those who are randia stooges and those who are patriotic indians
Chittorgarh, the impregnable fort
After hijacking all 'isms', the left-liberals are now trying to hijack and kill Science
Western media favors Delhi due to bias
Muslim villagers protest against suspension of teachers who forced Hindu students to offer Namaz
Sunanda Murder: Swamy points out wrongdoings and faults in the Delhi Police probe
A Majority Of Muslims In India Are Descendants Of Hindus, Says BJP MP
India China Border Dispute: 'Western media favours India', says Chinese media
Imagine what China and India can do together
कांवड़ियों के जत्थे पर जानलेवा हमला और लूटपाट, 1 की मौत कई घायल | Deadly attack on kanwar yatra, 1 dead and many injured
NDA now controls 18 of 29 Indian states: Path to reforms eased as Modi turns enemies into friends
Jharkhand cabinet approves anti-conversion bill; to be introduced in state Assembly this month
Can MPs hike their own salaries, asks MP Varun Gandhi
Fatwas restrict individual's constitutional freedom, India must create laws to insulate citizens
Vice Admiral of the Navy has been fined Rs 5 lakh by the Court, for inflating his son-in-law's annual confidential reports while spoiling the ones of his fellow officers in the "highly-specialized field of nuclear reactor operations on submarines".| But the problem is institutional and much severe.
PDS system may be scrapped, says Modi - Deccan Herald
Top Lashkar terrorist Abu Dujana killed in encounter with security forces in J&amp;K
Boeing expects India to order up to 2,100 aircraft over 20 years
Tamil Nadu: BJP bets big on AIADMK merger, hopes party will join NDA
Kerala's leap in future tech: Silicon Valley-based Singularity University to open at Technopark
Minutes after wedding, bride dumps groom, walks off with boyfriend
India Blockchain Week 2017 | 22-26th September
Snapdeal-Flipkart Deal: How Kunal Bahl sold the idea of Snapdeal 2.0 and what's in store
FBI arrests US lawmaker’s Pak-born aide for bank fraud
Made up: feminism in India
Random Daily Discussion thread for the GOT lovers and those who don't follow GOT August 1 2017
Crackdown on power theft by Yogi Adityanath government gives rise to UP electricity bill collection by 28.5 pct
[NP] Non-Political A Country Divided - How it affected me
Asked to apologize, student slaps teacher multiple times
The great Rudreshwara temple(thousand pillared temple) in Warangal, Telangana. Built in 1163 CE by Rudradeva, the first independent Kakatiya
Class 12th government school boy creates history, bags job in Google; his salary package is whopping Rs 1.44 crore - The Financial Express
Moderation policy likely to go: CISCE
Democracy must embrace all: Minister
#ModiLogic to reduce population is to cut off all PDS and let poor people die. India also become a rich country bcz of this. Win win Har Har Modi
Ramdas Athawale: Transgenders should not wear sari: Ramdas Athawale
arm chopped off: TN man chops off wife's arm over affair
India states compared to countries of similar GDP [x-post r/MapPorn]
#ModiLogic to reduce population is to cut off all PDS and let poor people die. India also become a rich country bcz of this. Win win Har Har Modi
33% of the world's 'extremely poor' people currently live in India, whereas 13% live in China, according to the World Bank.
Ignoring OBOR, India and Japan forge ahead with joint connectivity project
Foreign Investors Pump $4 Billion In Indian Markets In July
SBI cuts savings bank rate to 3.5% on deposits up to Rs 1 cr
EXCLUSIVE: 'Taint-free' Modi govt to launch crackdown on corrupt officials from Aug 15
US defence and aerospace giant Lockheed Martin Corp. could make India the global maintenance hub for its F-16 fighter jets if the country chooses them in an ongoing selection process
Exotic and Expensive Gifts received by Ministers and Govt Officials
‘‘Toilet: Ek Prem Katha’ is a remake of this National Award-winning Tamil film - but they don't want you to know as this will make the film ineligible for national award
Bhenchod, where is the RDD?
'No one capable enough to compete with Modi': Nitish Kumar on 2019 polls
Chinese Army Entered One Kilometre Into India Through Uttarakhand On July 25. 56 inch anyone?
RSS activist murder: CPM, BJP shake hands to prevent violence, all-party meet on August 6
Chinese troops transgress into Barahoti in Uttarakhand
India Transformed - The 1991 Economic Reforms: Highlights
ITR Filing deadline extended: Income tax return filing deadline extended to August 5, 2017
One in eight young people in the UK have never seen a real cow
Only BJP allows inner-party democracy, says Amit Shah
Cong hits back at Mahatma’s great-grandson; accuses him of taking advantage of his dynastic connection
Bhagvad Gita at APJ Abdul Kalam's memorial kicks up a storm
File income tax returns by July 31 for 2017-18: Here Are The Details
'Partition is not over': Pakistani Hindus - Times of India
29 Indian cities and towns highly vulnerable to earthquakes
DFT: July 31 2017 Monday workouts
Ropar: FIR against AAP MLA from Ropar for molesting woman at his house
In 2015, KDA had told BMRC to use Hindi
Capable India (29/07/17)
Infosys sees another senior-level exit, in fresh blow to Vishal Sikka
It’s like a thief attacking a cop: Javadekar takes on Congress after Gujarat poaching allegations
Fatwa against Muslim JD (U) leader Firoz Ahmad for saying 'Jai Shri Ram' - Times of India
You have a few more days to file I-T returns; deadline extended to Aug 5
SBI cuts interest rate on savings account deposits
SBI cuts interest rate on savings bank deposits. Will other banks follow?
'BJP is doing good work': SP MLC Bukkal Nawab resigns; praises PM Modi, Yogi Adityanath
Government To Introduce A New Bill That Will End RTE’s Regressive ‘No Detention’ Clause
‘Ghost barber’ terrorising Mewat women - Women complain of falling unconscious and waking up to find their braids chopped off
Vice-President election: Gopal Krishna Gandhi’s nephew criticises him for accepting Congress’ endorsement
Dacoit's parents 'abducted' in tit-for-tat kidnap
Hindu cop standing guard as Muslim comrade offers namaz (something communal forces dont want)
Srinagar CRPF's Photo Of Jawan Standing Guard Over Muslim Cop Offering Namaz Moves Twitter
BJP gives back to Rahul Gandhi, says Kashmir conflict originated during Congress regime
Islamists Prevail In Aurangabad: Taslima Nasreen Sent Back From Airport
Some Women Tend to Convert Consensual Sex Into Rape Post Breakup, Says Delhi HC [Read Judgment] | Live Law
Livemint claims that Jio Feature Phone violates net neutrality, but has no credible evidence to back it up
Why Modi doesn't have a wife
Indian IT firms don't need more robotic "yes men"âthey need real humans to solve problems
India's Mistake In Having A National Minimum Wage
‘Secularism is a thought, it’s not just a word to cover up corruption’: Top quotes from Nitish Kumar’s speech in Bihar assembly
A compilation of Hindu religious and spiritual texts
GreyOrange's Akash Gupta: Inside a young Indian engineer's very human struggle to build a global robotics company
Over 50 scary images depicting filth of Varanasi and River Ganges that went viral in China
हुक्का बार में हुई दोस्ती और हिना तलरेजा बन गई हिना खान, मौत
How Articles 370 And 35A Enable Kashmir Valley To Culturally Colonise Jammu And Ladakh
Unicef slams rote learning, teaching methods in preschools
People from Jharkhand, how is CM Raghubar Das doing?
How Congress Policies Led To Proliferation Of Cattle Smugglers - And Gau-Rakshaks
Tufail Ahmad on Twitter: Sir, Indian Govt can create a council of clerics authorised to issue fatwas. Issuing of fatwas by others can be criminalised under new law.
Minority Institutions Have The Right To Appoint Qualified Person As Principal From The Community Ignoring Seniority [Read Judgment]
Kerala: RSS activist dies after leg cut, hand chopped
China and India Scuffle Toward War
Persecution of Hindu Gurus Who Challenge Hinduphobia
Arvind Panagariya Resigns As Vice-Chairman Of Niti Aayog, Says Will Return To Academia
ISRO finds people walking on the Moon lolol the poor condition of roads in india
RDD for those who are randia stooges and those who are patriotic indians
Chittorgarh, the impregnable fort
After hijacking all 'isms', the left-liberals are now trying to hijack and kill Science
Western media favors Delhi due to bias
Muslim villagers protest against suspension of teachers who forced Hindu students to offer Namaz
Sunanda Murder: Swamy points out wrongdoings and faults in the Delhi Police probe
A Majority Of Muslims In India Are Descendants Of Hindus, Says BJP MP
India China Border Dispute: 'Western media favours India', says Chinese media
Imagine what China and India can do together
कांवड़ियों के जत्थे पर जानलेवा हमला और लूटपाट, 1 की मौत कई घायल | Deadly attack on kanwar yatra, 1 dead and many injured
NDA now controls 18 of 29 Indian states: Path to reforms eased as Modi turns enemies into friends
Jharkhand cabinet approves anti-conversion bill; to be introduced in state Assembly this month
Can MPs hike their own salaries, asks MP Varun Gandhi
Fatwas restrict individual's constitutional freedom, India must create laws to insulate citizens
Vice Admiral of the Navy has been fined Rs 5 lakh by the Court, for inflating his son-in-law's annual confidential reports while spoiling the ones of his fellow officers in the "highly-specialized field of nuclear reactor operations on submarines".| But the problem is institutional and much severe.
PDS system may be scrapped, says Modi - Deccan Herald
Top Lashkar terrorist Abu Dujana killed in encounter with security forces in J&amp;K
Boeing expects India to order up to 2,100 aircraft over 20 years
Tamil Nadu: BJP bets big on AIADMK merger, hopes party will join NDA
Kerala's leap in future tech: Silicon Valley-based Singularity University to open at Technopark
Minutes after wedding, bride dumps groom, walks off with boyfriend
India Blockchain Week 2017 | 22-26th September
Snapdeal-Flipkart Deal: How Kunal Bahl sold the idea of Snapdeal 2.0 and what's in store
FBI arrests US lawmaker’s Pak-born aide for bank fraud
Made up: feminism in India
Random Daily Discussion thread for the GOT lovers and those who don't follow GOT August 1 2017
Crackdown on power theft by Yogi Adityanath government gives rise to UP electricity bill collection by 28.5 pct
[NP] Non-Political A Country Divided - How it affected me
Asked to apologize, student slaps teacher multiple times
The great Rudreshwara temple(thousand pillared temple) in Warangal, Telangana. Built in 1163 CE by Rudradeva, the first independent Kakatiya
Class 12th government school boy creates history, bags job in Google; his salary package is whopping Rs 1.44 crore - The Financial Express
Moderation policy likely to go: CISCE
Democracy must embrace all: Minister
#ModiLogic to reduce population is to cut off all PDS and let poor people die. India also become a rich country bcz of this. Win win Har Har Modi
Ramdas Athawale: Transgenders should not wear sari: Ramdas Athawale
arm chopped off: TN man chops off wife's arm over affair
India states compared to countries of similar GDP [x-post r/MapPorn]
#ModiLogic to reduce population is to cut off all PDS and let poor people die. India also become a rich country bcz of this. Win win Har Har Modi
33% of the world's 'extremely poor' people currently live in India, whereas 13% live in China, according to the World Bank.
Ignoring OBOR, India and Japan forge ahead with joint connectivity project
Foreign Investors Pump $4 Billion In Indian Markets In July
SBI cuts savings bank rate to 3.5% on deposits up to Rs 1 cr
EXCLUSIVE: 'Taint-free' Modi govt to launch crackdown on corrupt officials from Aug 15
US defence and aerospace giant Lockheed Martin Corp. could make India the global maintenance hub for its F-16 fighter jets if the country chooses them in an ongoing selection process
Exotic and Expensive Gifts received by Ministers and Govt Officials
‘‘Toilet: Ek Prem Katha’ is a remake of this National Award-winning Tamil film - but they don't want you to know as this will make the film ineligible for national award
Bhenchod, where is the RDD?
'No one capable enough to compete with Modi': Nitish Kumar on 2019 polls
Chinese Army Entered One Kilometre Into India Through Uttarakhand On July 25. 56 inch anyone?
RSS activist murder: CPM, BJP shake hands to prevent violence, all-party meet on August 6
Chinese troops transgress into Barahoti in Uttarakhand
India Transformed - The 1991 Economic Reforms: Highlights
ITR Filing deadline extended: Income tax return filing deadline extended to August 5, 2017
One in eight young people in the UK have never seen a real cow
Only BJP allows inner-party democracy, says Amit Shah
Cong hits back at Mahatma’s great-grandson; accuses him of taking advantage of his dynastic connection
Bhagvad Gita at APJ Abdul Kalam's memorial kicks up a storm
File income tax returns by July 31 for 2017-18: Here Are The Details
'Partition is not over': Pakistani Hindus - Times of India
29 Indian cities and towns highly vulnerable to earthquakes
DFT: July 31 2017 Monday workouts
Ropar: FIR against AAP MLA from Ropar for molesting woman at his house
In 2015, KDA had told BMRC to use Hindi
Capable India (29/07/17)
Infosys sees another senior-level exit, in fresh blow to Vishal Sikka
It’s like a thief attacking a cop: Javadekar takes on Congress after Gujarat poaching allegations
Fatwa against Muslim JD (U) leader Firoz Ahmad for saying 'Jai Shri Ram' - Times of India
You have a few more days to file I-T returns; deadline extended to Aug 5
SBI cuts interest rate on savings account deposits
SBI cuts interest rate on savings bank deposits. Will other banks follow?
'BJP is doing good work': SP MLC Bukkal Nawab resigns; praises PM Modi, Yogi Adityanath
Government To Introduce A New Bill That Will End RTE’s Regressive ‘No Detention’ Clause
‘Ghost barber’ terrorising Mewat women - Women complain of falling unconscious and waking up to find their braids chopped off
Vice-President election: Gopal Krishna Gandhi’s nephew criticises him for accepting Congress’ endorsement
Dacoit's parents 'abducted' in tit-for-tat kidnap
Hindu cop standing guard as Muslim comrade offers namaz (something communal forces dont want)
Srinagar CRPF's Photo Of Jawan Standing Guard Over Muslim Cop Offering Namaz Moves Twitter
BJP gives back to Rahul Gandhi, says Kashmir conflict originated during Congress regime
Islamists Prevail In Aurangabad: Taslima Nasreen Sent Back From Airport
Some Women Tend to Convert Consensual Sex Into Rape Post Breakup, Says Delhi HC [Read Judgment] | Live Law
Livemint claims that Jio Feature Phone violates net neutrality, but has no credible evidence to back it up
Why Modi doesn't have a wife
Indian IT firms don't need more robotic "yes men"âthey need real humans to solve problems
India's Mistake In Having A National Minimum Wage
‘Secularism is a thought, it’s not just a word to cover up corruption’: Top quotes from Nitish Kumar’s speech in Bihar assembly
A compilation of Hindu religious and spiritual texts
GreyOrange's Akash Gupta: Inside a young Indian engineer's very human struggle to build a global robotics company
Over 50 scary images depicting filth of Varanasi and River Ganges that went viral in China
हुक्का बार में हुई दोस्ती और हिना तलरेजा बन गई हिना खान, मौत
How Articles 370 And 35A Enable Kashmir Valley To Culturally Colonise Jammu And Ladakh
Unicef slams rote learning, teaching methods in preschools
People from Jharkhand, how is CM Raghubar Das doing?
How Congress Policies Led To Proliferation Of Cattle Smugglers - And Gau-Rakshaks
Tufail Ahmad on Twitter: Sir, Indian Govt can create a council of clerics authorised to issue fatwas. Issuing of fatwas by others can be criminalised under new law.
Minority Institutions Have The Right To Appoint Qualified Person As Principal From The Community Ignoring Seniority [Read Judgment]
Kerala: RSS activist dies after leg cut, hand chopped
Cong shifts 44 Gujarat-MLAs to B'luru to fend off BJP's 'poaching' attempts - Regional News
Volkswagen India exports 2.5 lakh cars to Mexico
KR Narayanan's Christian Burial: Alternative News Is Falsehood
India is betting on compulsory internships to improve its unemployable engineers
India to have 850 mn online users by 2025: Survey
RDD for the mountain lovers and the beach bums.
The Jewel In The Crown: Why India Continues To Outperform Global Markets
If social media had not supported Indu Sarkar, I'd have gone into depression: Madhur Bhandarkar
India's public transport to get futuristic edge as NITI Aayog clears trials for hyperloop, pod taxis
Protesters block Taslima Nasreen’s entry into Aurangabad
Chennakeshava Mandir (Hoysala)
Chabahar port development delayed
Niti Aayog plans to raise massive Hindutva army of online warriors
Ayesha Takia’s husband Farhan Azmi gets death threats for marrying a Hindu girl
RSS activist hacked to death in Thiruvananthapuram | Hartal tomorrow | Kerala hartal on Sunday | RSS worker hacked to death in Thiruvananthapuram
BJP’s ’19 plan: Annihilate Oppn, rein in tough allies
You cannot kill an idea, you cannot jail an idea: Mehbooba on arrest of separatists
In 15 months, Enforcement Directorate attaches more assets than in 10 years
Ram Jethmalani: Arvind Kejriwal used worse abuses than crook for Arun Jaitley
Two terrorists killed in J&amp;K's Pulwama, encounter underway
China Buys Hambantota Port: Should India Be Concerned?
Request to mods:Can we have submission statement rule on submitted articles like r/Geopolitics?
This sub cries about not attracting left crowd but if a leftist like me comments I get downvoted if it keeps on like this sub will become a chaddi echo chambre
Under CM Kejriwal, Delhi Metro first to become 100 percent 'green'
Nawaz ouster prelude to GHQ-China alignment | Sunday Guardian
DFT: July 30th 2017 Mojo Sunday
The way Hindu Temples were systematically Looted by Congress Governments is Reprehensible
Panam Papers verdict: Nawaz Sharif says he is proud to not be disqualified on corruption allegations
NSA Ajit Doval, Xi meet, but fail to break Doklam logjam
Powering ahead: India’s once-shoddy transport infrastructure is getting much better - But it has a long way to go to catch up with China
More than 80 politicians, academics, researchers, and other experts attend a round table in India to discuss a Universal Basic Income after a successful pilot program.
It's a humble request to you all, please don't share this image. You can go to jail.
Kerala style beef sprinkled on some eggs with goat cheese, tomatoes and sirracha.. all on toast. [1100x825]
Cabinet clears minimum wage code bill; 4 crore employees likely to get benefits
Bengaluru 40th among top 50 cities for women entrepreneurs
RDD for those who watch Kabaddi and those who have no idea what it is
In India, a Better Economy Means More Chickens - and Loads More Antibiotics. Drug-resistant bacteria are rampant on Indian farms, a chilling new study found.
The Evolution of Trust
Counsel Jethmalani Turns Witness Against Client Kejriwal In Jaitley Defamation Case
Congress Abducts 44 MLAs - Flies Them To Bengaluru
60 per cent of Delhiites’ diet is protein deficient, says study. The country’s vegetarian diet is the worst affected with 84 per cent being protein deficient, while 65 per cent of Indian non-vegetarian diet
What Arun Shourie could have learnt from Malini Parthasarthy
On this World Population Day let us read some shocking facts about India's population : Did you know?
This is how much Modiji's partner Amit Shah's assets grew in 5 years. Find out
Does the Hindu hate the Muslim? No, However...
Delhi Metro first to become green.
'You Used Worse Abuses' For Arun Jaitley: Ram Jethmalani Attacks Kejriwal
Lok Sabha passes bill to give more autonomy to IIMs
When you have more phones than toilets
Mohammad Kaif replies to his trollswho said playing chess is haraam in Islam.
PM Modi flew non-official trips to rallies in IAF planes at rates fixed in 1999
China Reality Check Series: Subsidies to China's Industry
DFT: July 29 2017 Success Saturday
On the birth anniversary of one of the builders of Modern India, a visionary, an aviator and industrialist, my tribute to JRD Tata here.
DEATH IN PUNE: Autodriver kills wife for 'not serving lunch properly'
India beat Sri Lanka by 304 runs to take a 1-0 lead in the 3-match series
Who is /u/humming_boy who is not active yet a mod
Meet the Asurs : A marginal tribe that describes Durga as a goddess who enticed Mahishasur
Civil defamation case: You used worse abuses than crook for Jaitley, Jethmalani tells Kejriwal
Mewat meat mafia opens fire at Haryana Police, two constables wounded
Jamia Masjid sealed, restrictions in Nowhatta area
Costliest Mobile Phones gifted to Ministers and Govt Officials
Air India was once the company that inspired Singapore Airlines and Cathay Pacific
Indrani Mukerjea: Indrani strangled Sheena, planned to kill Mekhail too over property row, her driver tells CBI court
IGNOU to Institute Swaminarayan Chair to Start Vedic, Indic Studies
The Current Scenario of Bengali Movies - The Nutcrack
Only 5.5 per cent of India's population have passports: report
Chinese social media users fume over Indian magazine’s omission of Tibet and Taiwan from ‘map’ | South China Morning Post
MNS workers force shopowners to remove Gujarati signboards in Mumbai, tweet about it
3,600 Crores Later, Made-In-India Akash Missile Fails Tests, Says Auditor
How Nitish Was Convinced To Give Up Mahagathbandhan: BJP Had Access To Insider Info On Lalu Clan’s Financial Irregularities
Why Indians love Russia
Doklam deadlock: India and China will constantly challenge each other, get used to it
[Must read] Decoding the Reliance Jio Phone phenomenon
India’s Richest Banker Wins Big From Modi’s Cash Ban: Uday Kotak’s fortune surges 43% to $10.1 billion
How a podcaster managed to confront his tech support scammer, in person
NSG: Donald Trump administration urges NSG members to support India's application
How many of you like Kabbadi and plan to watch PKL?
Shoot me, but I still won't sing Vande Mataram, says Muslim leader
PTI spreads fake news yet again, apologises after I&amp;B minister Smriti Irani slams them
'Fire non-Kannadiga engineers from Namma Metro,' KDA tells Karnataka CM
Instagram posts will soon help Modi government sniff out tax evaders
Why Followers Of Sanatan Dharma Must Help The Yazidis
RDD for people who keep waiting for RDD to get posted but it never does &amp; finally have to make their own on 27/07/17
After Hindi signboards, KDA chief wants non-Kannadiga engineers removed from Namma Metro | The News Minute
BJP state office, CPI(M) secretary’s house attacked in Kerala capital
Up to 16 Gujarat Congress MLAs to quit ahead of Rajya Sabha polls
Pak PM Nawaz Sharif Disqualified By Supreme Court, Must Step Down
Footage of Rakesh Sharma talking from space station
#गद्दार_नीतीश
Don’t treat hubbies like ‘armless soldiers’: Madras high court
Three Congress MLAs join BJP in Gujarat, one to fight Rajya Sabha polls
Zakir Musa Named Head Of Al Qaeda-Linked Group In India
On Nagpanchami, an image of the exquisitely carved Naga Devata on the ceiling of Badami cave temple 1 from 1st century AD
India’s once-shoddy transport infrastructure is getting much better
No arrest in dowry harassment case without verifying authenticity of complaint: SC
No immediate arrests in dowry harassment cases: SC rules to curb misuse of law
Chinese Expansionist Nationalism: A Grab Campaign
A two-thousand-year-old Buddhist sculpture has been put on public display
India’s population boom is busting social welfare schemes: and the daily average is of almost 58,000 children added, who will grow up needing food, water, shelter, schools, hospitals, universities, and jobs. How are we going to provide for 1.6 Crore additional babies every year?
Cong shifts 44 Gujarat-MLAs to B'luru to fend off BJP's 'poaching' attempts - Regional News
Volkswagen India exports 2.5 lakh cars to Mexico
KR Narayanan's Christian Burial: Alternative News Is Falsehood
India is betting on compulsory internships to improve its unemployable engineers
India to have 850 mn online users by 2025: Survey
RDD for the mountain lovers and the beach bums.
The Jewel In The Crown: Why India Continues To Outperform Global Markets
If social media had not supported Indu Sarkar, I'd have gone into depression: Madhur Bhandarkar
India's public transport to get futuristic edge as NITI Aayog clears trials for hyperloop, pod taxis
Protesters block Taslima Nasreen’s entry into Aurangabad
Chennakeshava Mandir (Hoysala)
Chabahar port development delayed
Niti Aayog plans to raise massive Hindutva army of online warriors
Ayesha Takia’s husband Farhan Azmi gets death threats for marrying a Hindu girl
RSS activist hacked to death in Thiruvananthapuram | Hartal tomorrow | Kerala hartal on Sunday | RSS worker hacked to death in Thiruvananthapuram
BJP’s ’19 plan: Annihilate Oppn, rein in tough allies
You cannot kill an idea, you cannot jail an idea: Mehbooba on arrest of separatists
In 15 months, Enforcement Directorate attaches more assets than in 10 years
Ram Jethmalani: Arvind Kejriwal used worse abuses than crook for Arun Jaitley
Two terrorists killed in J&amp;K's Pulwama, encounter underway
China Buys Hambantota Port: Should India Be Concerned?
Request to mods:Can we have submission statement rule on submitted articles like r/Geopolitics?
This sub cries about not attracting left crowd but if a leftist like me comments I get downvoted if it keeps on like this sub will become a chaddi echo chambre
Under CM Kejriwal, Delhi Metro first to become 100 percent 'green'
Nawaz ouster prelude to GHQ-China alignment | Sunday Guardian
DFT: July 30th 2017 Mojo Sunday
The way Hindu Temples were systematically Looted by Congress Governments is Reprehensible
Panam Papers verdict: Nawaz Sharif says he is proud to not be disqualified on corruption allegations
NSA Ajit Doval, Xi meet, but fail to break Doklam logjam
Powering ahead: India’s once-shoddy transport infrastructure is getting much better - But it has a long way to go to catch up with China
More than 80 politicians, academics, researchers, and other experts attend a round table in India to discuss a Universal Basic Income after a successful pilot program.
It's a humble request to you all, please don't share this image. You can go to jail.
Kerala style beef sprinkled on some eggs with goat cheese, tomatoes and sirracha.. all on toast. [1100x825]
Cabinet clears minimum wage code bill; 4 crore employees likely to get benefits
Bengaluru 40th among top 50 cities for women entrepreneurs
RDD for those who watch Kabaddi and those who have no idea what it is
In India, a Better Economy Means More Chickens - and Loads More Antibiotics. Drug-resistant bacteria are rampant on Indian farms, a chilling new study found.
The Evolution of Trust
Counsel Jethmalani Turns Witness Against Client Kejriwal In Jaitley Defamation Case
Congress Abducts 44 MLAs - Flies Them To Bengaluru
60 per cent of Delhiites’ diet is protein deficient, says study. The country’s vegetarian diet is the worst affected with 84 per cent being protein deficient, while 65 per cent of Indian non-vegetarian diet
What Arun Shourie could have learnt from Malini Parthasarthy
On this World Population Day let us read some shocking facts about India's population : Did you know?
This is how much Modiji's partner Amit Shah's assets grew in 5 years. Find out
Does the Hindu hate the Muslim? No, However...
Delhi Metro first to become green.
'You Used Worse Abuses' For Arun Jaitley: Ram Jethmalani Attacks Kejriwal
Lok Sabha passes bill to give more autonomy to IIMs
When you have more phones than toilets
Mohammad Kaif replies to his trollswho said playing chess is haraam in Islam.
PM Modi flew non-official trips to rallies in IAF planes at rates fixed in 1999
China Reality Check Series: Subsidies to China's Industry
DFT: July 29 2017 Success Saturday
On the birth anniversary of one of the builders of Modern India, a visionary, an aviator and industrialist, my tribute to JRD Tata here.
DEATH IN PUNE: Autodriver kills wife for 'not serving lunch properly'
India beat Sri Lanka by 304 runs to take a 1-0 lead in the 3-match series
Who is /u/humming_boy who is not active yet a mod
Meet the Asurs : A marginal tribe that describes Durga as a goddess who enticed Mahishasur
Civil defamation case: You used worse abuses than crook for Jaitley, Jethmalani tells Kejriwal
Mewat meat mafia opens fire at Haryana Police, two constables wounded
Jamia Masjid sealed, restrictions in Nowhatta area
Costliest Mobile Phones gifted to Ministers and Govt Officials
Air India was once the company that inspired Singapore Airlines and Cathay Pacific
Indrani Mukerjea: Indrani strangled Sheena, planned to kill Mekhail too over property row, her driver tells CBI court
IGNOU to Institute Swaminarayan Chair to Start Vedic, Indic Studies
The Current Scenario of Bengali Movies - The Nutcrack
Only 5.5 per cent of India's population have passports: report
Chinese social media users fume over Indian magazine’s omission of Tibet and Taiwan from ‘map’ | South China Morning Post
MNS workers force shopowners to remove Gujarati signboards in Mumbai, tweet about it
3,600 Crores Later, Made-In-India Akash Missile Fails Tests, Says Auditor
How Nitish Was Convinced To Give Up Mahagathbandhan: BJP Had Access To Insider Info On Lalu Clan’s Financial Irregularities
Why Indians love Russia
Doklam deadlock: India and China will constantly challenge each other, get used to it
[Must read] Decoding the Reliance Jio Phone phenomenon
India’s Richest Banker Wins Big From Modi’s Cash Ban: Uday Kotak’s fortune surges 43% to $10.1 billion
How a podcaster managed to confront his tech support scammer, in person
NSG: Donald Trump administration urges NSG members to support India's application
How many of you like Kabbadi and plan to watch PKL?
Shoot me, but I still won't sing Vande Mataram, says Muslim leader
PTI spreads fake news yet again, apologises after I&amp;B minister Smriti Irani slams them
'Fire non-Kannadiga engineers from Namma Metro,' KDA tells Karnataka CM
Instagram posts will soon help Modi government sniff out tax evaders
Why Followers Of Sanatan Dharma Must Help The Yazidis
RDD for people who keep waiting for RDD to get posted but it never does &amp; finally have to make their own on 27/07/17
After Hindi signboards, KDA chief wants non-Kannadiga engineers removed from Namma Metro | The News Minute
BJP state office, CPI(M) secretary’s house attacked in Kerala capital
Up to 16 Gujarat Congress MLAs to quit ahead of Rajya Sabha polls
Pak PM Nawaz Sharif Disqualified By Supreme Court, Must Step Down
Footage of Rakesh Sharma talking from space station
#गद्दार_नीतीश
Don’t treat hubbies like ‘armless soldiers’: Madras high court
Three Congress MLAs join BJP in Gujarat, one to fight Rajya Sabha polls
Zakir Musa Named Head Of Al Qaeda-Linked Group In India
On Nagpanchami, an image of the exquisitely carved Naga Devata on the ceiling of Badami cave temple 1 from 1st century AD
India’s once-shoddy transport infrastructure is getting much better
No arrest in dowry harassment case without verifying authenticity of complaint: SC
No immediate arrests in dowry harassment cases: SC rules to curb misuse of law
Chinese Expansionist Nationalism: A Grab Campaign
A two-thousand-year-old Buddhist sculpture has been put on public display
India’s population boom is busting social welfare schemes: and the daily average is of almost 58,000 children added, who will grow up needing food, water, shelter, schools, hospitals, universities, and jobs. How are we going to provide for 1.6 Crore additional babies every year?
India will need $4.5 trillion by 2040 for infrastructure: Report
Logistics to gain most from GST; costs to dip 20 per cent: Nitin Gadkari
RDD for people who like ghevar and for those who don't know how to enjoy saawan ka mahina on 27/07/17
Shia waqf board stakes claim to Babri Masjid
revenge rape: Pakistani council orders 'revenge rape' of 16-year-old girl
Jews should stand in solidarity with the persecuted Hindus of Bangladesh
Kashmir militant leader announced as head of new al-Qaida-linked cell
Reliance's 'free' JioPhone shakes up cheap end of India's billion dollar-strong market
Drunk woman kisses policeman after getting into accident
Fact Check: Did Demonetisation Lead To A Shift Towards Financial Assets?
This is why we don't need to celebrate Raksha Bandhan anymore
PM to flag off train linking Rameswaram and Ayodhya
Kalam reflected depth, calmness of Rameswaram: PM Modi
3 Congress MLAs join BJP in Gujarat - Times of India
Subramaniam Swamy - China and India could end up in military conflict in Sept Oct this year by misunderstanding and miscalculation. But it is not inevitable.
Basirhat clashes: Minor whose FB post triggered Bengal riots in jail against law
Duel In The Himalayas: How India And China Square Off | Delhi Defence Review
Infiltration bid foiled, three militants killed near LoC in north Kashmir: Army
A beautiful Ceiling of Padhavali temple, entirely decked up with musician and dancers.
Big blow to DeMo opposers:kasmiri terrorists crying for urgent funds because od DeMo
After claiming Congress is India’s enemy, Delhi Airport said its Twitter account was under ‘hacker attack’
As Arvind Kejriwal chooses silence over action, AAP is a shadow of its former anarchist self
DFT: Testy Thursday July 27 2017
Country under NDA can tackle threat from Pak, China:BJP leader
What explains the very miniscule representation of the biggest Indian cities in IITs? (x-post r/India)
Beef Ban, Demonitsation, Swacch Bharat and Digital India - Modiji's all the achievements in one frame.
#BREAKING: BJP President Amit Shah to contest for Rajya Sabha elections from Gujarat
GST impact: Small grocers shift away from unorganised trade, sign up with wholesale majors
Nitish Kumar has resigned!
America's Future Is with India and Israel
Women's Education in India
Snapdeal's board accepts Flipkart's up to $950 million buyout offer: Sources
Donald Trump Bringing Ivanka Into The White House Is Nepotism, Says Saif Ali Khan
As a river dies: India could be facing its ‘greatest human catastrophe’ ever. As crops and farmers die, experts blame a man-made “drought of common sense” for the drying up of Southern India’s Cauvery River, once a lifeline to millions. Insight investigates
After a 10-yr delay, India kick-starts ‘mother of all underwater defence deals’ with France, Germany, Russia, Sweden, Spain and Japan
Banglore Metro agrees to drop Hindi from signage
GDP growth. China 2013: 7.8% 2014: 7.3% 2015: 6.9% 2016: 6.7% India 2013: 6.5% 2014: 7.2% 2015: 7.9% 2016: 6.8%
BJP-JD(U) To Form Government In Bihar; JD(U) Back In NDA Fold
Nitish Kumar Quits As Bihar Chief Minister, Says 'Conscience Pricked Me'
India's Uber-Ola cab wars could have a new player: The Modi government
Technology Discussion Thread
Kashmir: The communalisation of a political dispute
Shiv Sena May Not Protect Non-Marathi Hindus Like it Did in 1993: Thackeray
SIMI Terrorist Reveals Plot Behind Samjhauta Express Attack During Narco Test
Suchitra Krishnamoorthi Gets Sexually Abused On Twitter For Complaining About ‘Azaan’
Google enters race for nuclear fusion technology: The tech giant and a leading US fusion company develop a new computer algorithm that significantly speeds up progress towards clean, limitless energy
RDD: Nostalgia Edition
RSS Muslim body wants community to plant tulsi and not slaughter cows
panda is randia stooge confirmed by randiamods
Nitish Kumar back to NDA fold, to form govt in Bihar with BJP
BJP MLA skips meeting to save Muslim family that met horrific accident in UP
/r/HindiFeed - We share a Hindi vocabulary word every hour to help motivate language learners
Union Cabinet clears minimum wage code bill
Who are Indian Freedom Fighters and What all facilities they Get?
This man's suicide letter will tell you how Cafe Coffee Day killed him
Professor Yash Pal is no more; Twitterati share fond memories from ‘Turning Point’
Muslim wing of RSS eyes ‘rakshabandhan’ to promote unity, brotherhood
Jethmalani quits as Kejriwal's counsel, seeks Rs 2 crore fee
India rejects Organisation of Islamic Cooperation's resolutions on Jammu and Kashmir, terms them 'misleading'
With Gajendra Chauhan at helm, fall in number of dropouts in FTII
Kargil only for NDA to celebrate: Cong MP [Old]
Amit Shah to contest Rajya Sabha election from Gujarat
How the BJP’s Smear Machine Works: A Personal Story
Should Privacy be a fundamental right?
Did Hizbul Mujahideen commander give Barkha Dutt a scooter ride or has the Right-Wing been caught lying again?
Manslaughter by Sunil Shitap [Shiv Darshan building collapse in Mumbai]
Why is India's contribution to world trade confined to a low of just 4 percent, despite having such a large population? By Balaji Viswanathan
Complaints received from the National Commission for Minorities
Advice needed, how to stop obsessing about girls? It's killing me
Rewriting history: Akbar lost to Maharana Pratap; Mahatma, Nehru missing from texts
Fake news fuels nationalism and Islamophobia - sound familiar? In this case, it's in India
Tavleen Singh's tweets about Gorakhpur enrage Yogi Adityanath's fans
Sri Lanka Revises Deal For Port With China, India's Concerns Addressed
Primary education rank - 40. India , 1. Finland 2. Switzerland 3. Belgium 20. Germany 24. UK 25. US 47. China 105. Turkey 127. Brazil
In a first by pvt company, 2 naval warships,built by Reliance Defence &amp; Engineering Ltd for @indiannavy , launched at Pipavav shipyard in Guj
Sri Lanka allays India's concerns, renegotiates port deal with China
Vande Mataram Must Be Sung In All Tamil Nadu Schools, Says Madras High Court
Microsoft may invest up to $100 mn in Ola parent company
A fine balance: India’s voting record at the UNGA
View: India's Hindus are rising in anger, but not because they hate Muslims
Smartphone demand in India to reach 234 million units in 2017, GST will have no impact: Report
Animated map shows how religion spread around the world
On Government's Claims Of Creating 7 Crore Jobs, A Fact Check
BJP MP in Lok Sabha says opposition leader got hospital premises cleansed with Gangajal after inauguration by dalit MLA
Reverse the ethnicity of the two, and tell me what the reactions of the librandus would have been
The eleventh-century Brihadeeswarar Temple, in the city of Thanjavur, India
GDP per capita: how Overpopulation and terrible Economic policies resulted in.
D J Patil on data science's relevance, Aadhaar, and the importance of ethics
Barkha Dutt Slams Mentor Company NDTV Over Use Of MoJo
Is the west going to recreate nazism?
Airtel- total fraud
RDD for those who like vegetarian Tuesdays and those who don't care about day when its chicken on the menu on 25/07/2017
Since GM is pulling CHEVROLET from India by 2017-end, what do you suppose the short-term implications in the auto industry be?
Fight between wives of two Army officers reaches PMO | The Indian Express
Vodafone is literally scum.
WikiLeaks cables: Rahul Gandhi warned US of Hindu extremist threat | US news | The Guardian
Kerala: Eight months after Muslim convert’s murder, siblings embrace Islam
Market Live: Nifty hits historic 10000 mark, Sensex extends rally to make new record
Samjhauta blast: SIMI man’s narco test ‘nails’ Pak angle
JeM leader spews venom at Modi, incites Indian Muslims
DFT: July 25 2017 Tiring Tuesday
What is wrong with the Congress DNA?
Thai and Indian Cultural Linkage: The Religious Festivities
A Dry Ice-Bucket Challenge To Shame The Indian ‘Intellects’
NDTV Fires Around 70 Staffers, Editors Say The Company Is Shifting To MoJo
is panda really a randia stooge?? [serious]
Why Criticism Of Indian Stand-up Comedy Matters
Infrastructure: Government approves plan to build 34 mega multi-modal logistics parks at an investment of Rs 2 lakh cr
Indian developers ranked #31 in the list of World's Best Developers. China is #1.
Currently in India there are 240 million people without access to electricity.
Geography Now! India
Why Modi government will never privatise India's sinking public sector banks
Putting ‘Americans First’ benefits India
IMF forecast projects India's GDP growth at 7.2% for 2017 and 7.7% for 2018
From Evidence to Policy in India’s Groundwater Crisis
Ideas, Administration And Yogi Adityanath
RDD about what you love in India and what you don't.
India Today Impact: Naeem Khan, Bitta Karate, 5 other separatists arrested by NIA over Pak funding of terror
Heads to roll in Kerala BJP after internal probe report leak, three leaders under radar
IndiaNews mod removes post he does not agree with. Blames it on "Troll OP" • (x-post from r/indiadiscussion)
India &amp; Japan are ancient friends
Nomura India Fund Soars To $3.6 Billion As Japanese Bet On PM Modi | India is what money managers have begun to call a "consensus trade," meaning almost every fund is bullish.
SC refuses plea to probe mass murder of Kashmiri Pandits
De-Demonising ‘Anandamath’: Why We Must Read Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay in 2017
Indira Gandhi or Sharad Pawar: Congress and NCP fight over whom to praise first
DFT: July 24th 2017 Workout Monday
Savarkar offered Chandra Shekhar Azad money to stop fighting British [P]
An interesting post about Dunkirk from r/badhistory
India arrests Kashmir separatists for terror funding
IndiaNews mod removes post he does not agree with. Blames it on "Troll OP"
Indian/Bengali singar Nachiketa Chacrobarty performed his song Nilanjona..this song was published his First album "Ei besh bhalo achi"..This is a new type of song called modern jibon Mukhi song(Jiban mukhi min the song relent Life and people )
After friends’ taunts, boy kills mom’s live-in partner
US Ditches China In Its Border Standoff With India In Doklam
Schools unhappy with govt interference in fee hike issue
Former ISRO Chief UR Rao, man behind India's 1st satellite Aryabhatta, passes away
MSU Geology department scientifically validate the existence of Vedic Saraswati River in the Great Rann
Raj-era dam in Navi Mumbai develops 3 cracks near the brim, starts leaking
Biased Mods keep deleting exposure of fake news
‘Look, I’m so secular!’ The rise of virtue signallers on social media
Ayush boosting medical tourism in India: Experts
A textbook on Hindu Ethics
RDD for those who like conversations and for those who prefer silence.
Income Tax: Undisclosed income of Rs 71,941 crore found in 3 years: Government to Supreme Court
India ranks towards the bottom along with the middle-eastern and north african countries in female labour participation rate.
Harvesting Souls In Punjab: How The Evangelical Ecosystem Targets Sikhs
GDP growth, 2017. India: 7% China: 6.7% Indonesia: 5.2% Turkey: 3.4% US: 2.2% Germany: 1.8% UK: 1.6% France: 1.5% Russia: 1.4% Brazil: 0.6%
Make home science mandatory for boys in school: Government proposal
Arvind Panagariya: India likely to clock 7.5% growth this fiscal
Bleached girls: India and its love for light skin
Why Modi won’t privatise public sector banks
It's High Noon in the Himalayas: Asia's would-be superpowers seem destined to clash.
India lost the match but won millions of heart; ICC Women's World Cup
Sell your wife if you don't have money to build toilet, a Bihar DM tells villagers : India, News
Railways levying ‘superfast’ surcharge for trains which run late up to 95 pc of times: CAG report
Continue daydreaming to oust us from WB: BJP to Mamata
Pakistani narcotic smuggler held in TN had travelled across India with two duplicate Aadhaar cards
Indian Railways: Three consortia led by Alstom, Siemens and Stadler Bussnang eye Rs 2,000 crore coach factory project
India third largest terror target after Iraq and Afghanistan: US report
‘India’s labour laws are anti-employment’: Singapore Deputy PM seeks urgent reforms to ensure demographic dividend does not turn into crisis
Scary stuff: how the Indians destroy the sacred river Ganges. Photo - micetimes.asia
Costliest Mobile Phones received by Ministers and Govt Officials
Reliance rattles Indian telcos again by unveiling "free" 4G phone
Taxi service provider Mega Cabs is looking to invest Rs 500 crore in the next 3 years to expand its services to 20 cities, betting big on airports, railway stations and other public points of transit.
Rashtriya Rifles: The Story Of Independent India’s Finest Military Experiment
Endgame Mayawati? Not Yet If She Accepts RSS's Reach
Long Way To Go Before Wrongs Of RTE Are Set Right, But Maheish Girri Has Taken The First Steps
[Help] What is the cheapest way to send a snail mail to someone?
Congress Kerala Legislator M Vincent Arrested For Allegedly Raping 51-Year-Old Woman
Muslim mob attacks Kaanvariyas for passing through 'their area'
China: Trade deadlock with US dims China's hopes for support on Doklam stand-off
[Help] Please fill this Real Estate Buyer Survey(just do it). Not an ad or somekind of company research. Just a guy trying to pass.
Now, a hawala scam haunts Mr Clean Naveen Patnaik
India vs England, Final, ICC Women's World Cup, Betting &amp; Match Thread
Nitish Kumar asks Rahul Gandhi to stop defending ‘tainted’ Lalu Prasad family, asks to clarify stand on RJD
mahagun moderne: Maids in modern India: How a class conflict in a Noida housing society assumed communal tones
Presidential poll reveals how infighting and bruised egos weakened the grand alliance
Fixing RTE: Maheish Girri Introduces Private Member’s Bill To Amend Article 15(5); What’s Next?
Mamata Banerjee's single-minded obsession about BJP and Narendra Modi
Why England left India?
Srinivas Gokulnath,1st Indian to Complete World's Toughest Cycling Race
Not easy to convert India into a Hindu Pakistan: Rajmohan Gandhi
Congress MLA arrested in Kerala for rape, abetment to suicide; CPM demands resignation
Gorkha Janamukti Morcha Hired Maoists To Train For Armed Movement: Police
Meet the Indian astrophysicists who discovered the Saraswati Supercluster
{removed from indiadiscussion, so posting here} randia mods really are jobless pathetic trolls, arent they? targetted and continuous harrassment of an individual is against reddit rules.
Glimpses from a Haat Bazar in Jharkhand
Income Tax Department Lies About NDTV: Silencing The Press - NDTV.com
MP Mahesh Giri on Twitter : Have introduced today a private bill in Loksabha for Constitutional Amendment that requires for amending the Right to Education A
Kashmir Full Historical Timeline before British invasion
Appeasement of Minorities is a Myth
Income tax tribunal indicts NDTV, Prannoy Roy for money laundering, tax evasion of Rs 642 crore
More than 100 Hindus from Pakistan get Indian citizenship in Gujarat
Benjamin Netanyahu accidentally reveals why Narendra Modi did not visit Palestine during Israel trip
Kashmir would become Syria if America intervenes: Mehbooba Mufti
Pakistan China's new colony? Leaked papers reveal Beijing's stake in economy, key projects
81% of money meant for malnourished children remains unused in Maharashtra
While India mocked RBI, it received a booster shot to clean up the country's worst economic mess
Cows produce powerful HIV antibodies
India must rethink infrastructure needs for 100 new 'smart' cities to be sustainable
Two Weeks into India's Tax Revolution, Stock Market Up 6%+
India will need $4.5 trillion by 2040 for infrastructure: Report
Logistics to gain most from GST; costs to dip 20 per cent: Nitin Gadkari
RDD for people who like ghevar and for those who don't know how to enjoy saawan ka mahina on 27/07/17
Shia waqf board stakes claim to Babri Masjid
revenge rape: Pakistani council orders 'revenge rape' of 16-year-old girl
Jews should stand in solidarity with the persecuted Hindus of Bangladesh
Kashmir militant leader announced as head of new al-Qaida-linked cell
Reliance's 'free' JioPhone shakes up cheap end of India's billion dollar-strong market
Drunk woman kisses policeman after getting into accident
Fact Check: Did Demonetisation Lead To A Shift Towards Financial Assets?
This is why we don't need to celebrate Raksha Bandhan anymore
PM to flag off train linking Rameswaram and Ayodhya
Kalam reflected depth, calmness of Rameswaram: PM Modi
3 Congress MLAs join BJP in Gujarat - Times of India
Subramaniam Swamy - China and India could end up in military conflict in Sept Oct this year by misunderstanding and miscalculation. But it is not inevitable.
Basirhat clashes: Minor whose FB post triggered Bengal riots in jail against law
Duel In The Himalayas: How India And China Square Off | Delhi Defence Review
Infiltration bid foiled, three militants killed near LoC in north Kashmir: Army
A beautiful Ceiling of Padhavali temple, entirely decked up with musician and dancers.
Big blow to DeMo opposers:kasmiri terrorists crying for urgent funds because od DeMo
After claiming Congress is India’s enemy, Delhi Airport said its Twitter account was under ‘hacker attack’
As Arvind Kejriwal chooses silence over action, AAP is a shadow of its former anarchist self
DFT: Testy Thursday July 27 2017
Country under NDA can tackle threat from Pak, China:BJP leader
What explains the very miniscule representation of the biggest Indian cities in IITs? (x-post r/India)
Beef Ban, Demonitsation, Swacch Bharat and Digital India - Modiji's all the achievements in one frame.
#BREAKING: BJP President Amit Shah to contest for Rajya Sabha elections from Gujarat
GST impact: Small grocers shift away from unorganised trade, sign up with wholesale majors
Nitish Kumar has resigned!
America's Future Is with India and Israel
Women's Education in India
Snapdeal's board accepts Flipkart's up to $950 million buyout offer: Sources
Donald Trump Bringing Ivanka Into The White House Is Nepotism, Says Saif Ali Khan
As a river dies: India could be facing its ‘greatest human catastrophe’ ever. As crops and farmers die, experts blame a man-made “drought of common sense” for the drying up of Southern India’s Cauvery River, once a lifeline to millions. Insight investigates
After a 10-yr delay, India kick-starts ‘mother of all underwater defence deals’ with France, Germany, Russia, Sweden, Spain and Japan
Banglore Metro agrees to drop Hindi from signage
GDP growth. China 2013: 7.8% 2014: 7.3% 2015: 6.9% 2016: 6.7% India 2013: 6.5% 2014: 7.2% 2015: 7.9% 2016: 6.8%
BJP-JD(U) To Form Government In Bihar; JD(U) Back In NDA Fold
Nitish Kumar Quits As Bihar Chief Minister, Says 'Conscience Pricked Me'
India's Uber-Ola cab wars could have a new player: The Modi government
Technology Discussion Thread
Kashmir: The communalisation of a political dispute
Shiv Sena May Not Protect Non-Marathi Hindus Like it Did in 1993: Thackeray
SIMI Terrorist Reveals Plot Behind Samjhauta Express Attack During Narco Test
Suchitra Krishnamoorthi Gets Sexually Abused On Twitter For Complaining About ‘Azaan’
Google enters race for nuclear fusion technology: The tech giant and a leading US fusion company develop a new computer algorithm that significantly speeds up progress towards clean, limitless energy
RDD: Nostalgia Edition
RSS Muslim body wants community to plant tulsi and not slaughter cows
panda is randia stooge confirmed by randiamods
Nitish Kumar back to NDA fold, to form govt in Bihar with BJP
BJP MLA skips meeting to save Muslim family that met horrific accident in UP
/r/HindiFeed - We share a Hindi vocabulary word every hour to help motivate language learners
Union Cabinet clears minimum wage code bill
Who are Indian Freedom Fighters and What all facilities they Get?
This man's suicide letter will tell you how Cafe Coffee Day killed him
Professor Yash Pal is no more; Twitterati share fond memories from ‘Turning Point’
Muslim wing of RSS eyes ‘rakshabandhan’ to promote unity, brotherhood
Jethmalani quits as Kejriwal's counsel, seeks Rs 2 crore fee
India rejects Organisation of Islamic Cooperation's resolutions on Jammu and Kashmir, terms them 'misleading'
With Gajendra Chauhan at helm, fall in number of dropouts in FTII
Kargil only for NDA to celebrate: Cong MP [Old]
Amit Shah to contest Rajya Sabha election from Gujarat
How the BJP’s Smear Machine Works: A Personal Story
Should Privacy be a fundamental right?
Did Hizbul Mujahideen commander give Barkha Dutt a scooter ride or has the Right-Wing been caught lying again?
Manslaughter by Sunil Shitap [Shiv Darshan building collapse in Mumbai]
Why is India's contribution to world trade confined to a low of just 4 percent, despite having such a large population? By Balaji Viswanathan
Complaints received from the National Commission for Minorities
Advice needed, how to stop obsessing about girls? It's killing me
Rewriting history: Akbar lost to Maharana Pratap; Mahatma, Nehru missing from texts
Fake news fuels nationalism and Islamophobia - sound familiar? In this case, it's in India
Tavleen Singh's tweets about Gorakhpur enrage Yogi Adityanath's fans
Sri Lanka Revises Deal For Port With China, India's Concerns Addressed
Primary education rank - 40. India , 1. Finland 2. Switzerland 3. Belgium 20. Germany 24. UK 25. US 47. China 105. Turkey 127. Brazil
In a first by pvt company, 2 naval warships,built by Reliance Defence &amp; Engineering Ltd for @indiannavy , launched at Pipavav shipyard in Guj
Sri Lanka allays India's concerns, renegotiates port deal with China
Vande Mataram Must Be Sung In All Tamil Nadu Schools, Says Madras High Court
Microsoft may invest up to $100 mn in Ola parent company
A fine balance: India’s voting record at the UNGA
View: India's Hindus are rising in anger, but not because they hate Muslims
Smartphone demand in India to reach 234 million units in 2017, GST will have no impact: Report
Animated map shows how religion spread around the world
On Government's Claims Of Creating 7 Crore Jobs, A Fact Check
BJP MP in Lok Sabha says opposition leader got hospital premises cleansed with Gangajal after inauguration by dalit MLA
Reverse the ethnicity of the two, and tell me what the reactions of the librandus would have been
The eleventh-century Brihadeeswarar Temple, in the city of Thanjavur, India
GDP per capita: how Overpopulation and terrible Economic policies resulted in.
D J Patil on data science's relevance, Aadhaar, and the importance of ethics
Barkha Dutt Slams Mentor Company NDTV Over Use Of MoJo
Is the west going to recreate nazism?
Airtel- total fraud
RDD for those who like vegetarian Tuesdays and those who don't care about day when its chicken on the menu on 25/07/2017
Since GM is pulling CHEVROLET from India by 2017-end, what do you suppose the short-term implications in the auto industry be?
Fight between wives of two Army officers reaches PMO | The Indian Express
Vodafone is literally scum.
WikiLeaks cables: Rahul Gandhi warned US of Hindu extremist threat | US news | The Guardian
Kerala: Eight months after Muslim convert’s murder, siblings embrace Islam
Market Live: Nifty hits historic 10000 mark, Sensex extends rally to make new record
Samjhauta blast: SIMI man’s narco test ‘nails’ Pak angle
JeM leader spews venom at Modi, incites Indian Muslims
What took West 300 years, China 30 years, India will achieve in just 10 years: Mukesh Ambani
Random Daily Discussion thread for the frozen yogurt lovers and the ice cream aficionados July 22 2017
Feature phones cost may rise 30% as DoT insists on GPS for women safety
Unique Indian System of Presenting Mathematics in Verse Form: An Introduction
Modernity, Religion, Secularism: Why Accepting India’s Hindu Fundamentals Will Help The Secular Project
[meta] please pin RDDs everyday
Looking for Reddit Specialist in India
Who cries when a Hindu dies?
Population rise at root of India's troubles, says advocacy group
Manufacturing sector lowest paid at Rs 211.7 an hour: Report
Kerala: Congress MLA M Vincent arrested over rape charges
India was funded by invisible money for 70 years: Jaitley
BJP MP Mahesh Giri introduced a private bill in Loksabha for Constitutional Amendment that requires for amending the Right to Education Act.
'You're Given 6 Months To Convert To Islam': Writer Gets Threat Letter
DFT : July 22, 2017
Yet another soldier killed in LoC firing
Haryana youth stabbed 6 times for marrying Dalit girl, dies in hospital
FTII suffered Rs 12 crore loss as students are not completing courses on
Woah! Sports Betting May Finally Become Legal In India; Sports Ministry Exploring Possibilities!
No Significant Progress In 3 Years: Auditor On Army Ammunition Shortage - NDTV.com
House panel headed by BJP MP slams homophobia, calls for transgender rights
An easy-to-follow infographic that will tell you our place in this large cosmos of space and time, according to Hindu mythology!
Smriti Irani hits back at Rahul Gandhi for taking dig at Centre
Gujarat Leader Shankersinh Vaghela Quits Congress, Says Not Joining BJP
Rahul Gandhi warns NDA government against distorting Constitution
Must Visit Places In Mathura (India)
Sri Pejawar Swamiji: A Life Dedicated To Dalit Upliftment And Hindu Unity
Madrasas a bane for Muslims
Islam's reform: Way to go - Javed Anand
An Early Sign India's Huge Tax Revamp Is Working: Happy Truck Drivers
Decolonising the curriculum
Immigration authorities at Chennai airport deport 19 UK citizens including children
Carving showing the warrior Abhimanyu entering the chakravyuha – Hoysaleswara temple, Halebidu, India
Finding India's folk music online.
[CMV]I believe Aurangzeb wasn't an Indian
Nitish Kumar's RSVP For PM Narendra Modi's Dinner Further Tests His Bihar Alliance
Shigar, Gilgit-Baltistan
Revisiting the Ancient Indian Laws of Warfare and Humanitarian Laws
Google Will Now Offer IT Consulting In India; Will Directly Compete Against IT Biggies Like TCS, Infosys
Less than one doctor for 1000 population in India: Government to Lok Sabha
Arun Jaitley: Govt considering to change financial year to Jan-Dec
India’s GDP could rise to about $8 trillion over the next 15 years if the country registers a GDP growth rate of 8% annually and come very close to eliminating abject poverty entirely, NITI Aayog vice chairman Arvind Panagariya has said.
[Geopolitics] Kashmir conflicts after British Colonization
An Early Sign India’s Huge Tax Revamp Is Working: Happy Truck Drivers
RDD for those who are Party animals and for those who are introverts - 21st July 2017
AIDS deaths in India fell 58% from 2005 to 2016
Ashok Leyland wants to bring electric buses that can swap batteries at petrol pump-like facilities to India
Why Subramanian Swamy is considered the political "pioneer" of India's nuclear program?
pakistan, China, and Modi-haters and the unholy trinity against India
My realistic idea of an ideal Hindu Rashtra
Culturescape - Ancient Board Games Of India | Culture Express
RIL buys 25% stake in Balaji Telefilms for Rs413 crore
India looks brighter than China on a map, but really it’s not
When Indian liberals disown our own Army for Pakistan
New wine in an old bottle: Modi government schemes go beyond ribbon cutting, they are meant to produce results
Pakistan not a loyal ally, United States should support India: US lawmaker Ted Poe
Lingayats protest in Karnataka's Bidar seeking separate religious status
Colgate-Palmolive's global results are looking bad! [Q2 Profit Down] Will this affect the Indian FMCG market?
DM(Distressing Modi)#MyPRIVACYmyright
National interest not utmost
Possible result of a India vs Pakistan war
Financial year may change to January-December from April-March, says Arun Jaitley - The Financial Express
Kiran Bedi tweets out alleged Congress-made poster showing her as Adolf Hitler
Kovind's victory will help pan-India alliance plans in 2019: BJP
Good news for foodies: GST ushers hotels, restaurants to slash rates by 5-10 per cent
India's diplomacy power play pays off, Seoul pulls plug on PoK projects
HC asks AAP govt to pay Rs 5,000 in fine for not responding to its notice
Looking for Mods @ r/RightWingIndia
The great Indian exam debacle
Will former Gujarat CM Vaghela quit Congress today? All eyes on birthday event
Alaknanda and Bhagirathi confluence to give birth to Ganga | Devprayag
Presidential Election 2017: Cross-Voting In Presidential Poll Flashes Warning Signs For Opposition
Is Failure the Only Reason Why Students Commit Suicide?
Ram Janmbhoomi-Babri Masjid case to be heard at the earliest: Supreme Court
Indian society
You can see as far as Patna from Everest [x-post from r/MapPorn]
Weekly reading and literature thread for unpublished authors
2017 Indian Presidential Election results
QUEEN OF COOL
The best music I have heard which also has an indian influence (close second would be Norwegian wood)
2017 Indian Presidential Election results when Ram Nath Kovind crossed the half-way mark
India is NOT a secular country
RDD for July 20: Let's make RDDs great again.
Hindi protesters blacken Hindi name boards in 5 Bengaluru metro stations
‘Abrahamic Hindutva’ – a fictitious term with force-fitted analysis
IIT Bhubaneswar student turns James Bond to find his stolen phone
Woman meets Nigerian conman on marriage site, transfers Rs 74 lakh to bail him out
Presidential Election 2017 Results LIVE: Ram Nath Kovind leads, 'Not upset', says Meira Kumar
Sasikala was allowed 23 visits, instead of 8, during four months in prison: RTI
In the presidential election, many MLAs rebelled and voted for Kovind, find out how many
First Australian Uranium shipment is on its way to India
Gurugram among top Indian cities to buy and gift adult toys
No GSTIN, no payments: eBay to sellers
Hundreds of tons of electric power from onions
Sacred Thread On Pigs, Because In Tamil Nadu, Cultural Illiteracy Is Social Reform
Chinese media fires salvo, blames Hindu nationalism for Doklam standoff : India, News
'Baahubali'-like stunt leads to Mumbai man's death at Mahuli fort - News
Pro-actively considering two time zones in country: Government in Lok Sabha
Pakistan among countries providing “safe havens” to terrorists: US
Mehbooba Mufti Asks Administration To Speed Up Rescue Work After Doda Cloudburst
DFT: July 25 2017 Tiring Tuesday
What is wrong with the Congress DNA?
Thai and Indian Cultural Linkage: The Religious Festivities
A Dry Ice-Bucket Challenge To Shame The Indian ‘Intellects’
NDTV Fires Around 70 Staffers, Editors Say The Company Is Shifting To MoJo
is panda really a randia stooge?? [serious]
Why Criticism Of Indian Stand-up Comedy Matters
Infrastructure: Government approves plan to build 34 mega multi-modal logistics parks at an investment of Rs 2 lakh cr
Indian developers ranked #31 in the list of World's Best Developers. China is #1.
Currently in India there are 240 million people without access to electricity.
Geography Now! India
Why Modi government will never privatise India's sinking public sector banks
Putting ‘Americans First’ benefits India
IMF forecast projects India's GDP growth at 7.2% for 2017 and 7.7% for 2018
From Evidence to Policy in India’s Groundwater Crisis
Ideas, Administration And Yogi Adityanath
RDD about what you love in India and what you don't.
India Today Impact: Naeem Khan, Bitta Karate, 5 other separatists arrested by NIA over Pak funding of terror
Heads to roll in Kerala BJP after internal probe report leak, three leaders under radar
IndiaNews mod removes post he does not agree with. Blames it on "Troll OP" • (x-post from r/indiadiscussion)
India &amp; Japan are ancient friends
Nomura India Fund Soars To $3.6 Billion As Japanese Bet On PM Modi | India is what money managers have begun to call a "consensus trade," meaning almost every fund is bullish.
SC refuses plea to probe mass murder of Kashmiri Pandits
De-Demonising ‘Anandamath’: Why We Must Read Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay in 2017
Indira Gandhi or Sharad Pawar: Congress and NCP fight over whom to praise first
DFT: July 24th 2017 Workout Monday
Savarkar offered Chandra Shekhar Azad money to stop fighting British [P]
An interesting post about Dunkirk from r/badhistory
India arrests Kashmir separatists for terror funding
IndiaNews mod removes post he does not agree with. Blames it on "Troll OP"
Indian/Bengali singar Nachiketa Chacrobarty performed his song Nilanjona..this song was published his First album "Ei besh bhalo achi"..This is a new type of song called modern jibon Mukhi song(Jiban mukhi min the song relent Life and people )
After friends’ taunts, boy kills mom’s live-in partner
US Ditches China In Its Border Standoff With India In Doklam
Schools unhappy with govt interference in fee hike issue
Former ISRO Chief UR Rao, man behind India's 1st satellite Aryabhatta, passes away
MSU Geology department scientifically validate the existence of Vedic Saraswati River in the Great Rann
Raj-era dam in Navi Mumbai develops 3 cracks near the brim, starts leaking
Biased Mods keep deleting exposure of fake news
‘Look, I’m so secular!’ The rise of virtue signallers on social media
Ayush boosting medical tourism in India: Experts
A textbook on Hindu Ethics
RDD for those who like conversations and for those who prefer silence.
Income Tax: Undisclosed income of Rs 71,941 crore found in 3 years: Government to Supreme Court
India ranks towards the bottom along with the middle-eastern and north african countries in female labour participation rate.
Harvesting Souls In Punjab: How The Evangelical Ecosystem Targets Sikhs
GDP growth, 2017. India: 7% China: 6.7% Indonesia: 5.2% Turkey: 3.4% US: 2.2% Germany: 1.8% UK: 1.6% France: 1.5% Russia: 1.4% Brazil: 0.6%
Make home science mandatory for boys in school: Government proposal
Arvind Panagariya: India likely to clock 7.5% growth this fiscal
Bleached girls: India and its love for light skin
Why Modi won’t privatise public sector banks
It's High Noon in the Himalayas: Asia's would-be superpowers seem destined to clash.
India lost the match but won millions of heart; ICC Women's World Cup
Sell your wife if you don't have money to build toilet, a Bihar DM tells villagers : India, News
Railways levying ‘superfast’ surcharge for trains which run late up to 95 pc of times: CAG report
Continue daydreaming to oust us from WB: BJP to Mamata
Pakistani narcotic smuggler held in TN had travelled across India with two duplicate Aadhaar cards
Indian Railways: Three consortia led by Alstom, Siemens and Stadler Bussnang eye Rs 2,000 crore coach factory project
India third largest terror target after Iraq and Afghanistan: US report
‘India’s labour laws are anti-employment’: Singapore Deputy PM seeks urgent reforms to ensure demographic dividend does not turn into crisis
Scary stuff: how the Indians destroy the sacred river Ganges. Photo - micetimes.asia
Costliest Mobile Phones received by Ministers and Govt Officials
Reliance rattles Indian telcos again by unveiling "free" 4G phone
Taxi service provider Mega Cabs is looking to invest Rs 500 crore in the next 3 years to expand its services to 20 cities, betting big on airports, railway stations and other public points of transit.
Rashtriya Rifles: The Story Of Independent India’s Finest Military Experiment
Endgame Mayawati? Not Yet If She Accepts RSS's Reach
Long Way To Go Before Wrongs Of RTE Are Set Right, But Maheish Girri Has Taken The First Steps
[Help] What is the cheapest way to send a snail mail to someone?
Congress Kerala Legislator M Vincent Arrested For Allegedly Raping 51-Year-Old Woman
Muslim mob attacks Kaanvariyas for passing through 'their area'
China: Trade deadlock with US dims China's hopes for support on Doklam stand-off
[Help] Please fill this Real Estate Buyer Survey(just do it). Not an ad or somekind of company research. Just a guy trying to pass.
Now, a hawala scam haunts Mr Clean Naveen Patnaik
India vs England, Final, ICC Women's World Cup, Betting &amp; Match Thread
Nitish Kumar asks Rahul Gandhi to stop defending ‘tainted’ Lalu Prasad family, asks to clarify stand on RJD
mahagun moderne: Maids in modern India: How a class conflict in a Noida housing society assumed communal tones
Presidential poll reveals how infighting and bruised egos weakened the grand alliance
Fixing RTE: Maheish Girri Introduces Private Member’s Bill To Amend Article 15(5); What’s Next?
Mamata Banerjee's single-minded obsession about BJP and Narendra Modi
Why England left India?
Srinivas Gokulnath,1st Indian to Complete World's Toughest Cycling Race
Not easy to convert India into a Hindu Pakistan: Rajmohan Gandhi
Congress MLA arrested in Kerala for rape, abetment to suicide; CPM demands resignation
Gorkha Janamukti Morcha Hired Maoists To Train For Armed Movement: Police
Meet the Indian astrophysicists who discovered the Saraswati Supercluster
{removed from indiadiscussion, so posting here} randia mods really are jobless pathetic trolls, arent they? targetted and continuous harrassment of an individual is against reddit rules.
Glimpses from a Haat Bazar in Jharkhand
Income Tax Department Lies About NDTV: Silencing The Press - NDTV.com
MP Mahesh Giri on Twitter : Have introduced today a private bill in Loksabha for Constitutional Amendment that requires for amending the Right to Education A
Kashmir Full Historical Timeline before British invasion
Appeasement of Minorities is a Myth
Income tax tribunal indicts NDTV, Prannoy Roy for money laundering, tax evasion of Rs 642 crore
More than 100 Hindus from Pakistan get Indian citizenship in Gujarat
Benjamin Netanyahu accidentally reveals why Narendra Modi did not visit Palestine during Israel trip
Kashmir would become Syria if America intervenes: Mehbooba Mufti
Pakistan China's new colony? Leaked papers reveal Beijing's stake in economy, key projects
81% of money meant for malnourished children remains unused in Maharashtra
While India mocked RBI, it received a booster shot to clean up the country's worst economic mess
Cows produce powerful HIV antibodies
India must rethink infrastructure needs for 100 new 'smart' cities to be sustainable
Two Weeks into India's Tax Revolution, Stock Market Up 6%+
'विस्की में विष्णु बसें,रम में श्रीराम,जिन में माता जानकी और ठर्रे में हनुमान।सियावर रामचंद्र की जय'- नरेश अग्रवाल,सपा नेता (राजयसभा में)
Kerala: Proposed airport land under dispute; govt to face an uphill task
How to lose a Presidential election
The idea of India-Copied from Bhak Sala
DFT: July 20 2017 Testy Thursday
US amends media note to Jammu and Kashmir
Indoris trying to understand how to #MakePohaGreatAgain
Do you even Ramayana, bhrata?
Kerala BJP leader took bribe, promised MCI tag: party probe
Second largest religion in each district in India
You need to do much more, PM Modi tells top science heads
The Gods for Uttar Pradesh
Indian Influences on Western Literature
Case Filed Against Zee Tv's Daily Soap Kumkum Bhagya In National Consumer Complaint Fourum - कुमकुम भाग्य से आखिर लोग क्यों हो गए खफा, कर दिया केस , Television News In Hindi -amar Ujala
quotes of the day
803 rapes, 729 murders in 2 months of Yogi Raj in Uttar Pradesh
Pehredaar Piya Ki: Pehredaar Piya Ki review: Indian TV stoops to a new low by showing a 9-year-old boy's marriage with an older woman
Sino-Indian standoff 2017 Megathread
Christian priest held for sexual abuse of minor boys
Excellent speech by Swapan Dasgupta in Rajya Sabha today
Wanted: DU professor's picture with mother at temple is 'provocative' to some in West Bengal
India Episode by the You Tube channel geography now!
Technology Discussion Thread
Guys, Just sharing some good news.
Random Daily Discussion thread for the reptile lovers and the herpetophobics July 19 2017
Modi's bullet train gaining momentum. Is your city in the list? - On the right track
mAadhaar app launched - Lets You Carry Aadhaar In Your Pocket
Kerala Announces Labour Policy; Minimum Wage to be Rs.600 per day
Amitabh Kant on Twitter "Congestion on Delhi roads increasing 7 % annually as around 537 cars &amp; 1158 two wheelers are added every day. Crosses 10 mln mark -CSE study"
What Hindu Response To Adverse Shifts In Kerala’s Religious Demography Should Be
Now photo of someone praying in a temple can threaten peace in Bengal
The Mutual Fund Show: In Conversation With CEO of IDFC AMC's Vishal Kapoor
Shares of ITC Ltd tumbled, wiping Rs50,000 crore off the market value of India’s largest cigarette maker, after the cess on cigarettes was increased to offset an expected decline in tax revenue after the rollout of GST
It’s time to rethink the IAS
Was China’s military drill in Tibet really just an exercise in logistics? |
China Buried Nuclear Weapons In Pak To Target India: Mulayam Singh Yadav In Parliament
How is she even a Reporter?
Airbnb, Uber, And Ola May Start Using Aadhaar, India’s Controversial Biometric Identity System
Paytm Mall in talks to invest $200 million in BigBasket
Nagaland crisis: Floor test on Wednesday after court rejects Shurhozelie Liezietsu's plea
sexual assault: Priest arrested for sexually assaulting two minor boys
Rahul Gandhi's picture with Chinese envoy surfaces; Priyanka and Robert Vadra also seen in undated photo
Supreme Court asks if right to privacy is absolute
Opinion: Mayawati's Resignation Gives Away Her Decline As Dalit Leader
Privacy is not absolute, says Supreme Court
In South Asian Social Castes, a Living Lab for Genetic Disease
Fake currency of Rs11.23 crore face value detected after demonetisation
What did Naresh Agarwal exactly say in Rajya Sabha?
Why the flag of Kannada pride has triggered a row
5 stages of grief. 6th stage is deleting account and quitting tht chaddi echochamber indiasqueaks. lol dubaikachasma!!
DFT: July 19 2017: Workout Wednesday
BJP calls Mayawati's resignation 'drama' to 'create confusion', Lalu says can send her back to RS
China Endangering 50 Years Of Bullet-Less Border Management
fraud case: Callers seek details to link bank account with GST, dupe 2 of Rs 48,000
India Rolls out First Ever Solar-Powered Trains
Parents accuse UP school of 'hurting' their religious sentiment
SP Azamgarh's statement on the man electrocuted (allegedly) for objecting to abusing Hindus and Modi
The Illusion Of A Conflict
Islamic preacher Zakir Naik's passport revoked - Times of India
TIL That IIT Kharagpur used to be a detention camp during the Raj and a USAF base during WW-II
Fresh round of admissions under RTE to begin today
Noida razes shanties of those who vandalised apartments
Chitrakote falls on Indravati river in Chhattisgarh's Bastar, is in its full vigour during this monsoon season.
Gorkhaland Movement: Banerjee’s ‘Foreign Hand’ Charge Has No Basis
FACT CHECK: Was a Hindu man tortured by Muslim mob for stopping them from abusing PM Modi? : FYI, News
China Ready for 'War' With India, Starts Mobilizing Massive Amounts of Troops Near Border
RDD for those who want to make rdds great again and for who are ok with them dying a slow death on 18/07/17
DGP Senkumar Was Right About The Changing Demography Of Kerala; Here’s The Data
BSPs Mayawati Resigns From Parliament Hours After Walkout From Rajya Sabha - NDTV.com
All India Bakchod booked in one day, woman’s 16-month-old complaint still pending
IS supporters create Kashmir group to step up presence in India
Just another day for India, Pakistan violates ceasefire in J&amp;K's Nowgam, one jawan martyred
Another August Crisis In AP?
Muslim youths who tortured man for objecting to abusing Hindus and Modi arrested
GDP (nominal) in 1997 Russia: $435 billion, India: $423 billion. In 2017 Russia: $1.5 trillion, India: $2.4 trillion
Need No Pak Letter For Patient From PoK, It Is Indias: Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj - NDTV.com
Adults with post-secondary degrees (US)Hindus 96% Jews 75% Muslims 54% Buddhists 53% Unaff 44% Christians 36%
Wanted: DU professor's picture with mother at temple is 'provocative' to some in West Bengal
BJP members gherao Tripura CM’s, Ministers’ residences
In South Asian Social Castes, a Living Lab for Genetic Disease
Gadkari Plans Double-Decker Buses Between Mumbai And Delhi To Discourage Private Vehicles
Sensex, Nifty Drop Most In Two Months As ITC Plunges On Tax Surprise
TRS will remain political adversary, says BJP
How Pakistan is trying to escalate tensions between India, China using fake news
China Tells Foreign Diplomats Its Patience With India Wont Be Indefinite
Irfan Pathan Trolled for Posting Wife's 'Unislamic' Picture
The additional charge of the Ministry of I&amp;B has been given to @smritiirani.
Sagarika Ghosh tries to expose 'hypocrisy' of Madhur Bhandarkar, exposes her own
India lost 1.5 million jobs in the aftermath of demonetisation
An example of why IIMs or even IITs are not as reputed globally as they are in India
Cops stop KTM rider for overspeeding, confiscate his bike and ride away without wearing helmet
Presidential poll: AAP MLAs cross-voted, sign of upheaval in party, claims BJP
/r/India mod hyporcrisy: Yoga is not related to India, Hindus being forcefully converted in Pakistan is not related to India but some Hindus who protest against ban on caste based discrimination in England is very relevant to India
Sources close to #VenkaiahNaidu say he was not keen for VP post. Said he wanted to be in Modi cabinet till 2019. But was told no option.
Is it possible for mods to remove a post from the subreddit so that everyone except OP is unable to view the post
Why fair is handsome, questions Nawazuddin Siddiqui
Vice Presidential election 2017: With Venkaiah Naidu as NDA candidate, BJP eyes Rajya Sabha and South
Maharashtra government mulls residential centres to train Muslims for police force
Presidential election: Don’t need your support, BJP tells Mamata Banerjee
J-K: Army Major shot dead by jawan in argument over use of mobile phone
What took West 300 years, China 30 years, India will achieve in just 10 years: Mukesh Ambani
Random Daily Discussion thread for the frozen yogurt lovers and the ice cream aficionados July 22 2017
Feature phones cost may rise 30% as DoT insists on GPS for women safety
Unique Indian System of Presenting Mathematics in Verse Form: An Introduction
Modernity, Religion, Secularism: Why Accepting India’s Hindu Fundamentals Will Help The Secular Project
[meta] please pin RDDs everyday
Looking for Reddit Specialist in India
Who cries when a Hindu dies?
Population rise at root of India's troubles, says advocacy group
Manufacturing sector lowest paid at Rs 211.7 an hour: Report
Kerala: Congress MLA M Vincent arrested over rape charges
India was funded by invisible money for 70 years: Jaitley
BJP MP Mahesh Giri introduced a private bill in Loksabha for Constitutional Amendment that requires for amending the Right to Education Act.
'You're Given 6 Months To Convert To Islam': Writer Gets Threat Letter
DFT : July 22, 2017
Yet another soldier killed in LoC firing
Haryana youth stabbed 6 times for marrying Dalit girl, dies in hospital
FTII suffered Rs 12 crore loss as students are not completing courses on
Woah! Sports Betting May Finally Become Legal In India; Sports Ministry Exploring Possibilities!
No Significant Progress In 3 Years: Auditor On Army Ammunition Shortage - NDTV.com
House panel headed by BJP MP slams homophobia, calls for transgender rights
An easy-to-follow infographic that will tell you our place in this large cosmos of space and time, according to Hindu mythology!
Smriti Irani hits back at Rahul Gandhi for taking dig at Centre
Gujarat Leader Shankersinh Vaghela Quits Congress, Says Not Joining BJP
Rahul Gandhi warns NDA government against distorting Constitution
Must Visit Places In Mathura (India)
Sri Pejawar Swamiji: A Life Dedicated To Dalit Upliftment And Hindu Unity
Madrasas a bane for Muslims
Islam's reform: Way to go - Javed Anand
An Early Sign India's Huge Tax Revamp Is Working: Happy Truck Drivers
Decolonising the curriculum
Immigration authorities at Chennai airport deport 19 UK citizens including children
Carving showing the warrior Abhimanyu entering the chakravyuha – Hoysaleswara temple, Halebidu, India
Finding India's folk music online.
[CMV]I believe Aurangzeb wasn't an Indian
Nitish Kumar's RSVP For PM Narendra Modi's Dinner Further Tests His Bihar Alliance
Shigar, Gilgit-Baltistan
Revisiting the Ancient Indian Laws of Warfare and Humanitarian Laws
Google Will Now Offer IT Consulting In India; Will Directly Compete Against IT Biggies Like TCS, Infosys
Less than one doctor for 1000 population in India: Government to Lok Sabha
Arun Jaitley: Govt considering to change financial year to Jan-Dec
India’s GDP could rise to about $8 trillion over the next 15 years if the country registers a GDP growth rate of 8% annually and come very close to eliminating abject poverty entirely, NITI Aayog vice chairman Arvind Panagariya has said.
[Geopolitics] Kashmir conflicts after British Colonization
An Early Sign India’s Huge Tax Revamp Is Working: Happy Truck Drivers
RDD for those who are Party animals and for those who are introverts - 21st July 2017
AIDS deaths in India fell 58% from 2005 to 2016
Ashok Leyland wants to bring electric buses that can swap batteries at petrol pump-like facilities to India
Why Subramanian Swamy is considered the political "pioneer" of India's nuclear program?
pakistan, China, and Modi-haters and the unholy trinity against India
My realistic idea of an ideal Hindu Rashtra
Culturescape - Ancient Board Games Of India | Culture Express
RIL buys 25% stake in Balaji Telefilms for Rs413 crore
India looks brighter than China on a map, but really it’s not
When Indian liberals disown our own Army for Pakistan
New wine in an old bottle: Modi government schemes go beyond ribbon cutting, they are meant to produce results
Pakistan not a loyal ally, United States should support India: US lawmaker Ted Poe
Lingayats protest in Karnataka's Bidar seeking separate religious status
Colgate-Palmolive's global results are looking bad! [Q2 Profit Down] Will this affect the Indian FMCG market?
DM(Distressing Modi)#MyPRIVACYmyright
National interest not utmost
Possible result of a India vs Pakistan war
Financial year may change to January-December from April-March, says Arun Jaitley - The Financial Express
Kiran Bedi tweets out alleged Congress-made poster showing her as Adolf Hitler
Kovind's victory will help pan-India alliance plans in 2019: BJP
Good news for foodies: GST ushers hotels, restaurants to slash rates by 5-10 per cent
India's diplomacy power play pays off, Seoul pulls plug on PoK projects
HC asks AAP govt to pay Rs 5,000 in fine for not responding to its notice
Looking for Mods @ r/RightWingIndia
The great Indian exam debacle
Will former Gujarat CM Vaghela quit Congress today? All eyes on birthday event
Alaknanda and Bhagirathi confluence to give birth to Ganga | Devprayag
Presidential Election 2017: Cross-Voting In Presidential Poll Flashes Warning Signs For Opposition
Is Failure the Only Reason Why Students Commit Suicide?
Ram Janmbhoomi-Babri Masjid case to be heard at the earliest: Supreme Court
Indian society
You can see as far as Patna from Everest [x-post from r/MapPorn]
Weekly reading and literature thread for unpublished authors
2017 Indian Presidential Election results
QUEEN OF COOL
The best music I have heard which also has an indian influence (close second would be Norwegian wood)
2017 Indian Presidential Election results when Ram Nath Kovind crossed the half-way mark
India is NOT a secular country
RDD for July 20: Let's make RDDs great again.
Hindi protesters blacken Hindi name boards in 5 Bengaluru metro stations
‘Abrahamic Hindutva’ – a fictitious term with force-fitted analysis
IIT Bhubaneswar student turns James Bond to find his stolen phone
Woman meets Nigerian conman on marriage site, transfers Rs 74 lakh to bail him out
Presidential Election 2017 Results LIVE: Ram Nath Kovind leads, 'Not upset', says Meira Kumar
Sasikala was allowed 23 visits, instead of 8, during four months in prison: RTI
In the presidential election, many MLAs rebelled and voted for Kovind, find out how many
First Australian Uranium shipment is on its way to India
Gurugram among top Indian cities to buy and gift adult toys
No GSTIN, no payments: eBay to sellers
Hundreds of tons of electric power from onions
Sacred Thread On Pigs, Because In Tamil Nadu, Cultural Illiteracy Is Social Reform
Chinese media fires salvo, blames Hindu nationalism for Doklam standoff : India, News
'Baahubali'-like stunt leads to Mumbai man's death at Mahuli fort - News
Pro-actively considering two time zones in country: Government in Lok Sabha
Pakistan among countries providing “safe havens” to terrorists: US
Mehbooba Mufti Asks Administration To Speed Up Rescue Work After Doda Cloudburst
Let’s Pause and Think
Beijing does not fear war: Is China gearing for battle over Doklam standoff?
Arundhati Roy NDTV Interview
Tamil Nadu farmers return to Jantar Mantar with skulls and chains
Meet the first 2 convicted under Nitish liquor law: SC daily-wage brothers, families in debt
Science backs up Indian philosophy: We’re conscious in deep sleep
Pakistan again violates ceasefire in Bhimbher Gali, Poonch; Indian Army retaliates
This company hires professional snatchers
President, vice-president must owe allegiance to Constitution, not individual or ideology : Rajdeep Sardesai
BSES engineer dies: Chased by 'power thieves' in Delhi, engineer dies in car crash
DFT: July 18 2017: Tiring Tuesday
India is rolling out trains with solar-powered coaches that'll save thousands of litres of diesel
Selective coverage of atrocities - Why do some anti-dalit and anti-minority atrocities dominate the news while others are ignored?
RSS thinker, DU professor booked for inciting violence in Bengal
India intensifies population stability programme: “Mission Parivar Vikas will focus on 146 high fertility districts in 7 States with high TFR."
Vice-Presidential Election 2017: Venkaiah Naidu is NDA's nominee to take on Opposition's Gopalkrishna Gandhi
Nawazuddin Siddiqui's Cryptic Tweet Explains Racism That Exists in Film Industry - News18
Modi govt does not deserve the flak it got for Raghuram Rajan’s exit from RBI
Govt may spend over Rs20,000 crore on six new IITs
A Move To Immobilize Venkaiah Naidu?
Sadanand Dhume | A conservative’s take on India
Media Manthan: Coverage of social media rumours in mainstream media
Jammu and Kashmir: 9-year-old girl, army jawan killed as Pakistan 'initiates' heavy shelling on LoC
Doklam stand-off: To achieve peace on the border, India must demilitarise its China policy
19 Indians Die Daily In Drink-Driving Mishaps. Here’s How That Can Change
4 pakistan Army soldiers drown in Neelum River after India targets military vehicle
Enjoy this beautiful old song!
Mahindra to open off-road utility vehicle plant in Detroit: report. Mahindra &amp; Mahindra becomes first Indian company to deploy $1.5 billion in the manufacturing plant in Detroit to generate $2.5 billion revenue, employing 3,000 people
Saleem Khan, suspected LeT operative, arrested from Mumbai airport
Sushil Pandit, Well-Known Kashmir Activist In Conversation with Rajiv Malhotra
Muslim mob attacks police, destroys property over rumours of land grab near Mosque
Colonial apologists at it again. Thread censored without any reason! | 225 years ago in 1793: With a single stroke, 30 Million Peasants in Bihar, Jharkhand, Bengal, Odisha and Bangladesh were condemned to generations of serfdom and bonded labour.
Artificial intelligence (AI) Will Add $15.7 Trillion to the Global Economy by 2030, that’s more than the current combined output of China and India., as it would vastly increase productivity and spur shoppers to spend more.
Doklam standoff: It's not just with India, China is rubbing everyone the wrong way
RDD for those who gave into the GOT hype and for those who are still resisting on 17/07/17
[OLD] THE TRUTH ABOUT 1962. The truth about how a boundary problem was, in the first place, allowed to assume the proportions of a dispute and, in the next, how an unnecessary dispute was allowed to trigger an unnecessary war.
In lieu of the Season premiere of Game of Thrones here is how I imagined how Westeros' kingdoms will geographically look like if the show was set in the Indian Subcontinent.
‘Will teach you a lesson’: TMC MLA clashes with GJM, BJP during presidential polls
Just Modi being at his oratory best
This Bangalore startup has set out to become the Coursera for doctors
Exercise Malabar 2017: An Indian Navy MiG-29K makes a low pass over the USS Nimitz
Amazing Pictures From Trilateral Naval Exercise #Malabar2017
Madhya Pradesh not opening OPDs with astrologers, govt calls news ‘absurd’
Can Hindutva politics deliver economic growth? Relying on religion for legitimacy can undermine economic growth and innovation over the long run
Top Cop Transferred Days after Exposing VIP Treatment for Sasikala in Jail - News18
Under PM Modi, India got back more stolen antiquities in 3 years than the UPA government in 10 years
Inglorious Empire: What the British Did to India - Shashi Tharoor | Dan Snow's HISTORY HIT on acast
Uttar Pradesh govt to not fund 'useless' beautification projects; make provision for farmer schemes
Did PTI deliberately run false news on Yogi Govt’s Education Budget?
Wonder why the History of Odisha is never taught in Schools? Because The Truth is too much to handle for the Liberal Intelligentsia - rightlog.in
Ceasefire violation by Pakistan: 1 jawan, 9-year-old girl killed in Pakistan's ceasefire violation at LoC
Andhra Pradesh, Telangana Should End Pub Culture: Union Minister Bandaru Dattatreya
Mamata Banerjees Party Wants Urgent China Discussion In Parliament - NDTV.com
Stop action or face more deaths, liquor mafia warns UP's Azamgarh police - 60 FIRs lodged, 47, including kingpin, arrested
The conspiracy of silence
Removed without any reason! No More Pakistani Flag, Now Kashmiri Ultras Wrap Dead Bodies Of Terrorists In ISIS Flag
DFT: July 17 2017: Workout Monday
Yogi Adityanath government refutes Rahul Gandhi claim of slashing education budget
ISIS Shrouds at Militants' Funerals the Latest Worry for J&amp;K Authorities - News18
AIB meme annoys Modi lookalike in Kerala, he plans to shave off beard
‘Total budget for education in UP is 25.4% higher': Adityanath government refutes Rahul Gandhi's claim
AAP to Contest All 230 Seats During 2018 Madhya Pradesh Assembly Elections, Says Gopal Rai - News18
Fuck Aadhar. But this time, for a very different reason.
DNA EXCLUSIVE: SC judge's name crops up during probe against HC judges
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan: Toilets new target of caste divide in Madhya Pradesh
WhatsApp Forward Without Original Can’t Be Treated As Document Under Evidence Act: Delhi HC [Read Judgment] | Live Law
Govt. panel to study cow derivatives
Exercise Malabar 2017: Indian Navy and US Navy personnel plan ops aboard the USS Nimitz [1200 x 857]
Katrina Kaif feels Salman Khan is not far behind of PM Narendra Modi and Barack Obama in popularity
suspicion of adultery: Why trigger-happy Delhiites are killing over suspicion of adultery -
Goa cross desecration row: BJP claims arrested man is AAP supporter
‘Kashmir wants Islamic rule like Saudi Arabia': Much has changed from Burhan Wani to Zakir Musa
Modi's India Beats Xi's China
Math, Science, and Technology in India: From Ancient to the Recent
China flexing muscle? Frontline combat brigade holds 'live fire drills' in Tibet
The Indian media and entertainment industry is expected to touch $ 34.8 billion by 2021, up from $20 billion in 2016, growing at a compound annual growth rate of 11.8% between 2016-2021
Sadanand Dhume | A conservative’s take on india
Is The Hounding Of Former Kerala DGP T P Senkumar A Communist Witch-Hunt?
Surprising isn't it? /r/India has been circlejerking about AIB and Modi memes, where not one news related to bomb in the UP assembly was on the frontpage
Christian man arrested for desecrating Holy Crosses in Goa
Reliance Jio impact: Since Reliance Jio’s launch in September, mobile phone bills have fallen Rs11,600 crore on a quarterly basis, or Rs46,600 crore on annual basis
So tomorrow's the Presidential elections.Most people think it doesn't natter,but actually it does.Here's why
Pak Military Court Rejects Mercy Plea Of Kulbhushan Jadhav
Random Daily Discussion thread for people who serve free compliments and those who shy away from complimenting others July 16 2017
Mahindra group looks to invest $1 billion in US, eyes $5 billion revenue
My son was lynched by his Muslim friends: Mother of 14-year-old cries for justice
Inside Track: Unprecedented visit
At $300 billion, India wants to spend as much as Saudi Arabia to quench its thirst for oil
GST Network helpdesk gets 10,000 calls per day: Such is the load that GST Network is looking to double its call centre helpdesk strength to 400 agents in two weeks to help it handle queries related to filing returns
Indian Navy wants its only fighter aircraft to toughen up
J&amp;K: 16 Amarnath pilgrims killed, 26 seriously injured in bus accident
How China beats India hollow in trade and dominates Indian homes, markets and economy - Times of India
Why do I need to be apologetic as an Hindu?
Ted Talk Video: How to green the world's deserts and reverse climate change [By using livestock/cattles]
Now astrologers will diagnose patients in Madhya Pradesh
Subhas Chandra Bose: Netaji didn't die in air crash, says secret French report
Odisha: Man thrashed, woman molested after they stopped men from beating cattle
‘I have been systematically victimised,’ says Indian Army’s most decorated officer | HT Exclusive
BJP Sacks Nagpur Member Who Was Thrashed For Carrying Beef
Delhi court raises concern on AAP govt's failure to check vehicle pollution
'विस्की में विष्णु बसें,रम में श्रीराम,जिन में माता जानकी और ठर्रे में हनुमान।सियावर रामचंद्र की जय'- नरेश अग्रवाल,सपा नेता (राजयसभा में)
Kerala: Proposed airport land under dispute; govt to face an uphill task
How to lose a Presidential election
The idea of India-Copied from Bhak Sala
DFT: July 20 2017 Testy Thursday
US amends media note to Jammu and Kashmir
Indoris trying to understand how to #MakePohaGreatAgain
Do you even Ramayana, bhrata?
Kerala BJP leader took bribe, promised MCI tag: party probe
Second largest religion in each district in India
You need to do much more, PM Modi tells top science heads
The Gods for Uttar Pradesh
Indian Influences on Western Literature
Case Filed Against Zee Tv's Daily Soap Kumkum Bhagya In National Consumer Complaint Fourum - कुमकुम भाग्य से आखिर लोग क्यों हो गए खफा, कर दिया केस , Television News In Hindi -amar Ujala
quotes of the day
803 rapes, 729 murders in 2 months of Yogi Raj in Uttar Pradesh
Pehredaar Piya Ki: Pehredaar Piya Ki review: Indian TV stoops to a new low by showing a 9-year-old boy's marriage with an older woman
Sino-Indian standoff 2017 Megathread
Christian priest held for sexual abuse of minor boys
Excellent speech by Swapan Dasgupta in Rajya Sabha today
Wanted: DU professor's picture with mother at temple is 'provocative' to some in West Bengal
India Episode by the You Tube channel geography now!
Technology Discussion Thread
Guys, Just sharing some good news.
Random Daily Discussion thread for the reptile lovers and the herpetophobics July 19 2017
Modi's bullet train gaining momentum. Is your city in the list? - On the right track
mAadhaar app launched - Lets You Carry Aadhaar In Your Pocket
Kerala Announces Labour Policy; Minimum Wage to be Rs.600 per day
Amitabh Kant on Twitter "Congestion on Delhi roads increasing 7 % annually as around 537 cars &amp; 1158 two wheelers are added every day. Crosses 10 mln mark -CSE study"
What Hindu Response To Adverse Shifts In Kerala’s Religious Demography Should Be
Now photo of someone praying in a temple can threaten peace in Bengal
The Mutual Fund Show: In Conversation With CEO of IDFC AMC's Vishal Kapoor
Shares of ITC Ltd tumbled, wiping Rs50,000 crore off the market value of India’s largest cigarette maker, after the cess on cigarettes was increased to offset an expected decline in tax revenue after the rollout of GST
It’s time to rethink the IAS
Was China’s military drill in Tibet really just an exercise in logistics? |
China Buried Nuclear Weapons In Pak To Target India: Mulayam Singh Yadav In Parliament
How is she even a Reporter?
Airbnb, Uber, And Ola May Start Using Aadhaar, India’s Controversial Biometric Identity System
Paytm Mall in talks to invest $200 million in BigBasket
Nagaland crisis: Floor test on Wednesday after court rejects Shurhozelie Liezietsu's plea
sexual assault: Priest arrested for sexually assaulting two minor boys
Rahul Gandhi's picture with Chinese envoy surfaces; Priyanka and Robert Vadra also seen in undated photo
Supreme Court asks if right to privacy is absolute
Opinion: Mayawati's Resignation Gives Away Her Decline As Dalit Leader
Privacy is not absolute, says Supreme Court
In South Asian Social Castes, a Living Lab for Genetic Disease
Fake currency of Rs11.23 crore face value detected after demonetisation
What did Naresh Agarwal exactly say in Rajya Sabha?
Why the flag of Kannada pride has triggered a row
5 stages of grief. 6th stage is deleting account and quitting tht chaddi echochamber indiasqueaks. lol dubaikachasma!!
DFT: July 19 2017: Workout Wednesday
BJP calls Mayawati's resignation 'drama' to 'create confusion', Lalu says can send her back to RS
China Endangering 50 Years Of Bullet-Less Border Management
fraud case: Callers seek details to link bank account with GST, dupe 2 of Rs 48,000
India Rolls out First Ever Solar-Powered Trains
Parents accuse UP school of 'hurting' their religious sentiment
SP Azamgarh's statement on the man electrocuted (allegedly) for objecting to abusing Hindus and Modi
The Illusion Of A Conflict
Islamic preacher Zakir Naik's passport revoked - Times of India
TIL That IIT Kharagpur used to be a detention camp during the Raj and a USAF base during WW-II
Fresh round of admissions under RTE to begin today
Noida razes shanties of those who vandalised apartments
Chitrakote falls on Indravati river in Chhattisgarh's Bastar, is in its full vigour during this monsoon season.
Gorkhaland Movement: Banerjee’s ‘Foreign Hand’ Charge Has No Basis
FACT CHECK: Was a Hindu man tortured by Muslim mob for stopping them from abusing PM Modi? : FYI, News
China Ready for 'War' With India, Starts Mobilizing Massive Amounts of Troops Near Border
RDD for those who want to make rdds great again and for who are ok with them dying a slow death on 18/07/17
DGP Senkumar Was Right About The Changing Demography Of Kerala; Here’s The Data
BSPs Mayawati Resigns From Parliament Hours After Walkout From Rajya Sabha - NDTV.com
All India Bakchod booked in one day, woman’s 16-month-old complaint still pending
IS supporters create Kashmir group to step up presence in India
Just another day for India, Pakistan violates ceasefire in J&amp;K's Nowgam, one jawan martyred
Another August Crisis In AP?
Muslim youths who tortured man for objecting to abusing Hindus and Modi arrested
GDP (nominal) in 1997 Russia: $435 billion, India: $423 billion. In 2017 Russia: $1.5 trillion, India: $2.4 trillion
Need No Pak Letter For Patient From PoK, It Is Indias: Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj - NDTV.com
Adults with post-secondary degrees (US)Hindus 96% Jews 75% Muslims 54% Buddhists 53% Unaff 44% Christians 36%
Wanted: DU professor's picture with mother at temple is 'provocative' to some in West Bengal
BJP members gherao Tripura CM’s, Ministers’ residences
In South Asian Social Castes, a Living Lab for Genetic Disease
Gadkari Plans Double-Decker Buses Between Mumbai And Delhi To Discourage Private Vehicles
Sensex, Nifty Drop Most In Two Months As ITC Plunges On Tax Surprise
TRS will remain political adversary, says BJP
How Pakistan is trying to escalate tensions between India, China using fake news
China Tells Foreign Diplomats Its Patience With India Wont Be Indefinite
Irfan Pathan Trolled for Posting Wife's 'Unislamic' Picture
The additional charge of the Ministry of I&amp;B has been given to @smritiirani.
Sagarika Ghosh tries to expose 'hypocrisy' of Madhur Bhandarkar, exposes her own
India lost 1.5 million jobs in the aftermath of demonetisation
An example of why IIMs or even IITs are not as reputed globally as they are in India
Cops stop KTM rider for overspeeding, confiscate his bike and ride away without wearing helmet
Presidential poll: AAP MLAs cross-voted, sign of upheaval in party, claims BJP
/r/India mod hyporcrisy: Yoga is not related to India, Hindus being forcefully converted in Pakistan is not related to India but some Hindus who protest against ban on caste based discrimination in England is very relevant to India
Sources close to #VenkaiahNaidu say he was not keen for VP post. Said he wanted to be in Modi cabinet till 2019. But was told no option.
Is it possible for mods to remove a post from the subreddit so that everyone except OP is unable to view the post
Why fair is handsome, questions Nawazuddin Siddiqui
Vice Presidential election 2017: With Venkaiah Naidu as NDA candidate, BJP eyes Rajya Sabha and South
Maharashtra government mulls residential centres to train Muslims for police force
Presidential election: Don’t need your support, BJP tells Mamata Banerjee
J-K: Army Major shot dead by jawan in argument over use of mobile phone
Don't Give Communal Colour to Cow Vigilantism, Says PM Narendra Modi
Bengal’s madrasas under scanner after Basirhat violence
Chidambaram: People of Kashmir are between two maximalist positions
The God of false things : How Arundhati Roy creates fake news and gets away with it
BLAST FROM THE PAST: Delhi schoolboy sparks global porn row
Jaipur - The Planned Indian Heritage City Built on a Lake That Dried Once
Chouhan launches RSS website; says serving the needy biggest religion
Shashi Tharoor: 'Dr Ambedkar had a strong critique of Hinduism as it was practised'
Despite all online buzz, this is why BJP may not do well electorally in Bengal
‘My name’s Sidda Rama, I am Hindu too’:Siddaramaiah
Sikkim standoff: If China wants to play Kashmir card, a confident India is more than ready
Mamata Banerjee has made fool of people, why should I apologise: Roopa Ganguly on rape remark : India, News
BJP terms Rahul's tweets funny
Answers on Netaji’s disappearance overdue
Goa Police arrest man behind desecration of Christian religious symbols
BJP caught on wrong foot in Kashmir
Asking for an inquiry is not anti-national
Netaji didn't die in air crash, says secret French report - Times of India
Bihar political crisis: JD(U) wants RJD to respond to corruption charges to protect mahagatbandhan
[HELP] Scammed by a laptop dealer
Food-culture and cuisine from Mohenjodaro till the British rule in India
Kolkata mall denied entry to this man because he wore dhoti, but was allowed later when he argued in ‘English’
Presidential Election 2017: Will not vote for Meira Kumar, says AAP leader HS Phoolka
The concept of echo chambers deepens as this article details how media houses jump on the bandwagon of half-truths and flawed survey methodology.
Apps added Rs 1.4 lakh crore to India's GDP in 2015-16: Study
No GST on sale of old gold jewellery, cars by individuals, clarifies govt
Sikkim standoff: 'China didn't foresee India stepping in to defend Bhutan' : VP EU Parliament
Due to neglect by Guj CM Anandiben Patel, flood kills 4 in Gujarat.
Madhur Bhandarkar on Twitter: Congress workers hv barged in the Hotel lobby &amp; created ruckus,me &amp; team are stranded like hostages in hotel room. #pune activity cancelled.
India trade deficit narrows to $13 billion in June
India said to mull monitoring digital currencies to track money laundering, terror funding. Govt is considering tracking digital currencies like bitcoin through the RBI, Sebi along with intelligence agencies to monitor money laundering, terror funding
Help wanted regarding credit card
NanoPhone 'Smallest Phone in the World' Launched in India
How to get torrent links in India.
Are we witnessing the last gasp of terrorism in Kashmir?
Arunachal’s Tribal Culture Fades As Fervent Proselytisation Fuels Christianity
‘Indu Sarkar’ press conference in Pune cancelled over Congress workers’ protest
Weekly Infra Thread (Winfred): Phase 10
Economic record of past 4 Indian Governments!
Teens found hanging in OYO room in Dwarka
Tejashwi Yadav's security mishandle media, Bihar Dy CM blames them for initiating scuffle
Kolkata mall denied entry to this man because he wore dhoti, but was allowed later when he argued in ‘English’
It's Unlikely Communalism Will Dominate 2019 Narrative, The Opposition Needs A Better Argument
Amarnath yatra attack was aimed at disturbing communal harmony: J&amp;K CM Mehbooba Mufti - Times of India
It's a humble request to you all, please don't share this image. You can go to jail.
The Most Intolerant Wins: The Dictatorship Of The Small Minority
‘Muslim birth rates almost equals Hindus; Christian birth rate falls’
2 Terrorists Killed In Encounter In Kashmir's Tral, Gunbattle On
Let’s Pause and Think
Beijing does not fear war: Is China gearing for battle over Doklam standoff?
Arundhati Roy NDTV Interview
Tamil Nadu farmers return to Jantar Mantar with skulls and chains
Meet the first 2 convicted under Nitish liquor law: SC daily-wage brothers, families in debt
Science backs up Indian philosophy: We’re conscious in deep sleep
Pakistan again violates ceasefire in Bhimbher Gali, Poonch; Indian Army retaliates
This company hires professional snatchers
President, vice-president must owe allegiance to Constitution, not individual or ideology : Rajdeep Sardesai
BSES engineer dies: Chased by 'power thieves' in Delhi, engineer dies in car crash
DFT: July 18 2017: Tiring Tuesday
India is rolling out trains with solar-powered coaches that'll save thousands of litres of diesel
Selective coverage of atrocities - Why do some anti-dalit and anti-minority atrocities dominate the news while others are ignored?
RSS thinker, DU professor booked for inciting violence in Bengal
India intensifies population stability programme: “Mission Parivar Vikas will focus on 146 high fertility districts in 7 States with high TFR."
Vice-Presidential Election 2017: Venkaiah Naidu is NDA's nominee to take on Opposition's Gopalkrishna Gandhi
Nawazuddin Siddiqui's Cryptic Tweet Explains Racism That Exists in Film Industry - News18
Modi govt does not deserve the flak it got for Raghuram Rajan’s exit from RBI
Govt may spend over Rs20,000 crore on six new IITs
A Move To Immobilize Venkaiah Naidu?
Sadanand Dhume | A conservative’s take on India
Media Manthan: Coverage of social media rumours in mainstream media
Jammu and Kashmir: 9-year-old girl, army jawan killed as Pakistan 'initiates' heavy shelling on LoC
Doklam stand-off: To achieve peace on the border, India must demilitarise its China policy
19 Indians Die Daily In Drink-Driving Mishaps. Here’s How That Can Change
4 pakistan Army soldiers drown in Neelum River after India targets military vehicle
Enjoy this beautiful old song!
Mahindra to open off-road utility vehicle plant in Detroit: report. Mahindra &amp; Mahindra becomes first Indian company to deploy $1.5 billion in the manufacturing plant in Detroit to generate $2.5 billion revenue, employing 3,000 people
Saleem Khan, suspected LeT operative, arrested from Mumbai airport
Sushil Pandit, Well-Known Kashmir Activist In Conversation with Rajiv Malhotra
Muslim mob attacks police, destroys property over rumours of land grab near Mosque
Colonial apologists at it again. Thread censored without any reason! | 225 years ago in 1793: With a single stroke, 30 Million Peasants in Bihar, Jharkhand, Bengal, Odisha and Bangladesh were condemned to generations of serfdom and bonded labour.
Artificial intelligence (AI) Will Add $15.7 Trillion to the Global Economy by 2030, that’s more than the current combined output of China and India., as it would vastly increase productivity and spur shoppers to spend more.
Doklam standoff: It's not just with India, China is rubbing everyone the wrong way
RDD for those who gave into the GOT hype and for those who are still resisting on 17/07/17
[OLD] THE TRUTH ABOUT 1962. The truth about how a boundary problem was, in the first place, allowed to assume the proportions of a dispute and, in the next, how an unnecessary dispute was allowed to trigger an unnecessary war.
In lieu of the Season premiere of Game of Thrones here is how I imagined how Westeros' kingdoms will geographically look like if the show was set in the Indian Subcontinent.
‘Will teach you a lesson’: TMC MLA clashes with GJM, BJP during presidential polls
Just Modi being at his oratory best
This Bangalore startup has set out to become the Coursera for doctors
Exercise Malabar 2017: An Indian Navy MiG-29K makes a low pass over the USS Nimitz
Amazing Pictures From Trilateral Naval Exercise #Malabar2017
Madhya Pradesh not opening OPDs with astrologers, govt calls news ‘absurd’
Can Hindutva politics deliver economic growth? Relying on religion for legitimacy can undermine economic growth and innovation over the long run
Top Cop Transferred Days after Exposing VIP Treatment for Sasikala in Jail - News18
Under PM Modi, India got back more stolen antiquities in 3 years than the UPA government in 10 years
Inglorious Empire: What the British Did to India - Shashi Tharoor | Dan Snow's HISTORY HIT on acast
Uttar Pradesh govt to not fund 'useless' beautification projects; make provision for farmer schemes
Did PTI deliberately run false news on Yogi Govt’s Education Budget?
Wonder why the History of Odisha is never taught in Schools? Because The Truth is too much to handle for the Liberal Intelligentsia - rightlog.in
Ceasefire violation by Pakistan: 1 jawan, 9-year-old girl killed in Pakistan's ceasefire violation at LoC
Andhra Pradesh, Telangana Should End Pub Culture: Union Minister Bandaru Dattatreya
Mamata Banerjees Party Wants Urgent China Discussion In Parliament - NDTV.com
Stop action or face more deaths, liquor mafia warns UP's Azamgarh police - 60 FIRs lodged, 47, including kingpin, arrested
The conspiracy of silence
Removed without any reason! No More Pakistani Flag, Now Kashmiri Ultras Wrap Dead Bodies Of Terrorists In ISIS Flag
DFT: July 17 2017: Workout Monday
Yogi Adityanath government refutes Rahul Gandhi claim of slashing education budget
ISIS Shrouds at Militants' Funerals the Latest Worry for J&amp;K Authorities - News18
AIB meme annoys Modi lookalike in Kerala, he plans to shave off beard
‘Total budget for education in UP is 25.4% higher': Adityanath government refutes Rahul Gandhi's claim
AAP to Contest All 230 Seats During 2018 Madhya Pradesh Assembly Elections, Says Gopal Rai - News18
Fuck Aadhar. But this time, for a very different reason.
DNA EXCLUSIVE: SC judge's name crops up during probe against HC judges
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan: Toilets new target of caste divide in Madhya Pradesh
WhatsApp Forward Without Original Can’t Be Treated As Document Under Evidence Act: Delhi HC [Read Judgment] | Live Law
Govt. panel to study cow derivatives
Exercise Malabar 2017: Indian Navy and US Navy personnel plan ops aboard the USS Nimitz [1200 x 857]
Katrina Kaif feels Salman Khan is not far behind of PM Narendra Modi and Barack Obama in popularity
suspicion of adultery: Why trigger-happy Delhiites are killing over suspicion of adultery -
Goa cross desecration row: BJP claims arrested man is AAP supporter
‘Kashmir wants Islamic rule like Saudi Arabia': Much has changed from Burhan Wani to Zakir Musa
Modi's India Beats Xi's China
Math, Science, and Technology in India: From Ancient to the Recent
China flexing muscle? Frontline combat brigade holds 'live fire drills' in Tibet
The Indian media and entertainment industry is expected to touch $ 34.8 billion by 2021, up from $20 billion in 2016, growing at a compound annual growth rate of 11.8% between 2016-2021
Sadanand Dhume | A conservative’s take on india
Is The Hounding Of Former Kerala DGP T P Senkumar A Communist Witch-Hunt?
Surprising isn't it? /r/India has been circlejerking about AIB and Modi memes, where not one news related to bomb in the UP assembly was on the frontpage
Christian man arrested for desecrating Holy Crosses in Goa
Reliance Jio impact: Since Reliance Jio’s launch in September, mobile phone bills have fallen Rs11,600 crore on a quarterly basis, or Rs46,600 crore on annual basis
So tomorrow's the Presidential elections.Most people think it doesn't natter,but actually it does.Here's why
Pak Military Court Rejects Mercy Plea Of Kulbhushan Jadhav
Random Daily Discussion thread for people who serve free compliments and those who shy away from complimenting others July 16 2017
Mahindra group looks to invest $1 billion in US, eyes $5 billion revenue
My son was lynched by his Muslim friends: Mother of 14-year-old cries for justice
Inside Track: Unprecedented visit
At $300 billion, India wants to spend as much as Saudi Arabia to quench its thirst for oil
GST Network helpdesk gets 10,000 calls per day: Such is the load that GST Network is looking to double its call centre helpdesk strength to 400 agents in two weeks to help it handle queries related to filing returns
Indian Navy wants its only fighter aircraft to toughen up
J&amp;K: 16 Amarnath pilgrims killed, 26 seriously injured in bus accident
How China beats India hollow in trade and dominates Indian homes, markets and economy - Times of India
Why do I need to be apologetic as an Hindu?
Ted Talk Video: How to green the world's deserts and reverse climate change [By using livestock/cattles]
Now astrologers will diagnose patients in Madhya Pradesh
Subhas Chandra Bose: Netaji didn't die in air crash, says secret French report
Odisha: Man thrashed, woman molested after they stopped men from beating cattle
‘I have been systematically victimised,’ says Indian Army’s most decorated officer | HT Exclusive
BJP Sacks Nagpur Member Who Was Thrashed For Carrying Beef
Delhi court raises concern on AAP govt's failure to check vehicle pollution
Venkaiah Naidu elected India’s vice president, defeats Gopalkrishna Gandhi
political views of swami Vivekananda
Reality of Republic TV Exposed by Dhruv Rathee
GST - a boon or a bane?
Polity Introduction
India boycotts China's Belt and Road meet, mounts diplomatic pressure against CPEC
The straw that broke the AIADMK / Mannargudi mafia's back
Leadership vacuum sucks business out of Tamil Nadu
Intricacies of Finance Bill 2017 simplified and consequences analysed
EVM Hacking : The Kejriwal Version
Sarcastic Reaction of Politicians...
PM Modi snatched away Amethis food park - Rahul Gandhi
Want to be a professional? - study hard, write exams become one. Want to be a CM? - buy an AC bus 🚌 fill them with MLA's. Job done 😂😂
PwC report: India's economy will surpass that of the US by 2040
Punjab Elections 2017 Live Poll! Vote now!
Akhilesh 5th stage started preaching, someone logged trees confidence-no pink, no 'Ashok' scare
Union Minister of State for Science &amp; Technology and Earth Sciences, Government of India | Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha | Telugu Desam Party
UttarPradesh elections 2017: These come in the way of the 9 events Akhilesh Yadav has the potential to disrupt
BJP released a list of star campaigners, Advani and Varun Gandhi's name not included
YOGI ADITYA NATH LATEST TALK FOR AYODHYA MANDIR 2017 ELECTION
Manoj Tiwari Open Challenge to Arvind Kejriwal
Who Do Kashmiris Want To Join? India, Pakistan or Become Independent?
कालेधन को सफेद करता था यह भाजपा नेता!
चिदंबरम बोले नोटबंदी का हाल है ‘खोदा पहाड़-निकली चुहिया’
LIVE - Rajya Sabha Today In Lok Sabha - Pm Modi Speech 12 Dec 2016
मंत्री बोले, "बंदूक फायर करने के लिए ही होती है, तो कर दिए थे"
Blue ₹1000 New Note, Reality, Viral Photos of New Rs.1000 New Note
Dance bars in Mumbai being used for black money exchange
Indus Water Treaty - Will India block Pakistan's water?
Baba Ramdev's Patanjali's Fails to pass in the Test आ गये रामदेव के बुरे दिन
Arvind Kejriwal exposed point by point
PM Shree Narendra Modi in Agra, asking people to not take black money in their Jan Dhan accounts
Narendra Modi Attack back On Rahul Gandhi's Reaction on RS500-1000 Notes
Arvind Kejriwal statement on black money and demonetisation.
The great 500/1000 debate
पाकिस्तान पर हुवा अबतक का सबसे बड़ा टेररिस्ट हमला
Narendra Modi made a request to Indian to celebrate Diwali with Indian Soldiers
Openion Poll of UP : India Tv News
this is a youtube channel where we try to provide current situation of Indian Politics
Kerala BJP calls for protest march after bomb attack on party office
AAP in Punjab now led by two comedians - Gurpreet Ghuggi &amp; Bhagwant Mann
Goa Forward V/S Aam Aadmi Party: Battle Half Lost?
Congress's new Punjab poll slogan is a poor copy of BJPs's 2014 slogan. LOL
Nehru Vs Modi - A Comparison
I need help formulating a response to this Op-Ed piece regarding Indian elections!
Suresh Prabhu, a one-man think tank from Sena
From Hartosh Singh Bal's twitter: List of 27 Journalists appointed by AAP Govt in governing bodies of different DU colleges
Unraveling the AAP myth - Brave, quiet investigative report on the rampant corruption in the Kejriwal government
Live AUA with Carnegie India from 9 am - 3 pm on Indian Foreign Policy on /r/Geopolitics
Himanta Biswa Sarma: BJP’s Prashant Kishor for Assam
Contribution of Wije Dias to May Day 2016 - The tasks facing workers in the Indian sub-continent
Do you feel that a lot of youngsters are misguided with the news we are fed regarding politics? We are looking for writers to write on our website and lay the facts out as they are. #savetheinternet
What is a good article/literary source to understand how Indian ministries function, what is the chain of command, how they intearct with bureaucracy, what are their powers and why/how they unethically influence agencies (such as CBI and police)?
Fundamental Duties- Do we know them?
NoCountryForMuslims Modi's AYUSH Ministry doesnt recruit Muslims
Army fumes at deployment in Sri Sri's event
Tathagata Satpathy's remarks in LokSabha on the ongoing controversies in the country.
Scorecard grading Modi's Economic Reform Programs
5 Probable Reasons Why BJP Has to Face Defeat in Bihar Election
Bihar Elections: Will Bihar Rise to Glory Beyond the Shadow Jungle-Raj
Mehbooba Mufti( president of the Jammu &amp; Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party ) to be appointed as a memeber of Council of Ministers
Aap ka Delhi, apna Delhi :D
Are we forgetting about Andaman and nikobar
India wins U.S. support for food scheme, ends WTO blockade
Mr. Vadra Are You Serious???
Shashi Tharoor in trouble
Predict Modi's Cabinet (Just like a fantasy league)
India Election 2014: Form your own government
The 'relative'-ity of politics
Rahul Gandhi Brilliant Rap Song - CONgress party ko desh se nikalo
modi on hats
Vision 2014
Brief overview of Indian politics in terms of the current election
Poll Suggests Crushing Loss for Congress
Why Sonia Gandhi is all for make love not war
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi faces direct questions on Frankly Speaking with Arnab Goswami on Monday at 9pm
Arvind Kejriwal - a New ERA of Indian Politics
Discussion on comparison of development in the states governed by BJP and Congress
Mamata talks nudge for hills
All you wanted to know about India's new land acquisition bill
Morcha gathers movement feedback - Gurung’s 4 questions on protest
Food Security: The biggest mistake India might have made till date
India's Onion Prices Play Pivotal Role in Election
Morcha agitation gets wider - Cities across India to witness Gorkhaland rallies
Modi said : "The Government should have only one religion -- India First. Only one sacred scripture -- the Constitution. Only one power -- people power. Only one worship -- 1.25 billion citizens of India."
Are there any legitimately progressive Muslim leaders in India?
anyone active here? Here's Aranb yelling at all parties for caste politics. Important points raised.
Modi: need arguments for and against.
Activity?Discussion?
Congress is back in Karnataka and the first thing it did is lift the ban on cow slaughter put in place by the BJP
We need to take a stand on Modi
Hardtalk India Manmohan Singh 25 8 1999
Who’s anti-women, Modi or the media? - A critique of Modi's election campaing speech in HP and media's handling of his '50-crore girlfriend' remark
"Muslim dislike for Modi is reducing in intensity compared to 2009..."
So do we really need this subreddit?
As Andhra Pradesh faces power shortage, Cong leader splurges crores on daughter's wedding [x-post from r/India]
Is Modi the Ideal Choice?
Assembly elections 2013: BJP optimistic, AAP cheerful, Congress prays
NAMO ANTHEM, the best ever song on Shri. Narendra Modi Ji
Why all this fuss about Modi will create UPA 3
United they are, divided and fallen are we.
CBI - Caged Bureau of Investigation
Where can I get data about industrial output categorised by states ?
Don't Give Communal Colour to Cow Vigilantism, Says PM Narendra Modi
Bengal’s madrasas under scanner after Basirhat violence
Chidambaram: People of Kashmir are between two maximalist positions
The God of false things : How Arundhati Roy creates fake news and gets away with it
BLAST FROM THE PAST: Delhi schoolboy sparks global porn row
Jaipur - The Planned Indian Heritage City Built on a Lake That Dried Once
Chouhan launches RSS website; says serving the needy biggest religion
Shashi Tharoor: 'Dr Ambedkar had a strong critique of Hinduism as it was practised'
Despite all online buzz, this is why BJP may not do well electorally in Bengal
‘My name’s Sidda Rama, I am Hindu too’:Siddaramaiah
Sikkim standoff: If China wants to play Kashmir card, a confident India is more than ready
Mamata Banerjee has made fool of people, why should I apologise: Roopa Ganguly on rape remark : India, News
BJP terms Rahul's tweets funny
Answers on Netaji’s disappearance overdue
Goa Police arrest man behind desecration of Christian religious symbols
BJP caught on wrong foot in Kashmir
Asking for an inquiry is not anti-national
Netaji didn't die in air crash, says secret French report - Times of India
Bihar political crisis: JD(U) wants RJD to respond to corruption charges to protect mahagatbandhan
[HELP] Scammed by a laptop dealer
Food-culture and cuisine from Mohenjodaro till the British rule in India
Kolkata mall denied entry to this man because he wore dhoti, but was allowed later when he argued in ‘English’
Presidential Election 2017: Will not vote for Meira Kumar, says AAP leader HS Phoolka
The concept of echo chambers deepens as this article details how media houses jump on the bandwagon of half-truths and flawed survey methodology.
Apps added Rs 1.4 lakh crore to India's GDP in 2015-16: Study
No GST on sale of old gold jewellery, cars by individuals, clarifies govt
Sikkim standoff: 'China didn't foresee India stepping in to defend Bhutan' : VP EU Parliament
Due to neglect by Guj CM Anandiben Patel, flood kills 4 in Gujarat.
Madhur Bhandarkar on Twitter: Congress workers hv barged in the Hotel lobby &amp; created ruckus,me &amp; team are stranded like hostages in hotel room. #pune activity cancelled.
India trade deficit narrows to $13 billion in June
India said to mull monitoring digital currencies to track money laundering, terror funding. Govt is considering tracking digital currencies like bitcoin through the RBI, Sebi along with intelligence agencies to monitor money laundering, terror funding
Help wanted regarding credit card
NanoPhone 'Smallest Phone in the World' Launched in India
How to get torrent links in India.
Are we witnessing the last gasp of terrorism in Kashmir?
Arunachal’s Tribal Culture Fades As Fervent Proselytisation Fuels Christianity
‘Indu Sarkar’ press conference in Pune cancelled over Congress workers’ protest
Weekly Infra Thread (Winfred): Phase 10
Economic record of past 4 Indian Governments!
Teens found hanging in OYO room in Dwarka
Tejashwi Yadav's security mishandle media, Bihar Dy CM blames them for initiating scuffle
Kolkata mall denied entry to this man because he wore dhoti, but was allowed later when he argued in ‘English’
It's Unlikely Communalism Will Dominate 2019 Narrative, The Opposition Needs A Better Argument
Amarnath yatra attack was aimed at disturbing communal harmony: J&amp;K CM Mehbooba Mufti - Times of India
It's a humble request to you all, please don't share this image. You can go to jail.
The Most Intolerant Wins: The Dictatorship Of The Small Minority
‘Muslim birth rates almost equals Hindus; Christian birth rate falls’
2 Terrorists Killed In Encounter In Kashmir's Tral, Gunbattle On
Venkaiah Naidu elected India’s vice president, defeats Gopalkrishna Gandhi
political views of swami Vivekananda
Reality of Republic TV Exposed by Dhruv Rathee
GST - a boon or a bane?
Polity Introduction
India boycotts China's Belt and Road meet, mounts diplomatic pressure against CPEC
The straw that broke the AIADMK / Mannargudi mafia's back
Leadership vacuum sucks business out of Tamil Nadu
Intricacies of Finance Bill 2017 simplified and consequences analysed
EVM Hacking : The Kejriwal Version
Sarcastic Reaction of Politicians...
PM Modi snatched away Amethis food park - Rahul Gandhi
Want to be a professional? - study hard, write exams become one. Want to be a CM? - buy an AC bus 🚌 fill them with MLA's. Job done 😂😂
PwC report: India's economy will surpass that of the US by 2040
Punjab Elections 2017 Live Poll! Vote now!
Akhilesh 5th stage started preaching, someone logged trees confidence-no pink, no 'Ashok' scare
Union Minister of State for Science &amp; Technology and Earth Sciences, Government of India | Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha | Telugu Desam Party
UttarPradesh elections 2017: These come in the way of the 9 events Akhilesh Yadav has the potential to disrupt
BJP released a list of star campaigners, Advani and Varun Gandhi's name not included
YOGI ADITYA NATH LATEST TALK FOR AYODHYA MANDIR 2017 ELECTION
Manoj Tiwari Open Challenge to Arvind Kejriwal
Who Do Kashmiris Want To Join? India, Pakistan or Become Independent?
कालेधन को सफेद करता था यह भाजपा नेता!
चिदंबरम बोले नोटबंदी का हाल है ‘खोदा पहाड़-निकली चुहिया’
LIVE - Rajya Sabha Today In Lok Sabha - Pm Modi Speech 12 Dec 2016
मंत्री बोले, "बंदूक फायर करने के लिए ही होती है, तो कर दिए थे"
Blue ₹1000 New Note, Reality, Viral Photos of New Rs.1000 New Note
Dance bars in Mumbai being used for black money exchange
Indus Water Treaty - Will India block Pakistan's water?
Baba Ramdev's Patanjali's Fails to pass in the Test आ गये रामदेव के बुरे दिन
Arvind Kejriwal exposed point by point
PM Shree Narendra Modi in Agra, asking people to not take black money in their Jan Dhan accounts
Narendra Modi Attack back On Rahul Gandhi's Reaction on RS500-1000 Notes
Arvind Kejriwal statement on black money and demonetisation.
The great 500/1000 debate
पाकिस्तान पर हुवा अबतक का सबसे बड़ा टेररिस्ट हमला
Narendra Modi made a request to Indian to celebrate Diwali with Indian Soldiers
Openion Poll of UP : India Tv News
this is a youtube channel where we try to provide current situation of Indian Politics
Kerala BJP calls for protest march after bomb attack on party office
AAP in Punjab now led by two comedians - Gurpreet Ghuggi &amp; Bhagwant Mann
Goa Forward V/S Aam Aadmi Party: Battle Half Lost?
Congress's new Punjab poll slogan is a poor copy of BJPs's 2014 slogan. LOL
Nehru Vs Modi - A Comparison
I need help formulating a response to this Op-Ed piece regarding Indian elections!
Suresh Prabhu, a one-man think tank from Sena
From Hartosh Singh Bal's twitter: List of 27 Journalists appointed by AAP Govt in governing bodies of different DU colleges
Unraveling the AAP myth - Brave, quiet investigative report on the rampant corruption in the Kejriwal government
Live AUA with Carnegie India from 9 am - 3 pm on Indian Foreign Policy on /r/Geopolitics
Himanta Biswa Sarma: BJP’s Prashant Kishor for Assam
Contribution of Wije Dias to May Day 2016 - The tasks facing workers in the Indian sub-continent
Do you feel that a lot of youngsters are misguided with the news we are fed regarding politics? We are looking for writers to write on our website and lay the facts out as they are. #savetheinternet
What is a good article/literary source to understand how Indian ministries function, what is the chain of command, how they intearct with bureaucracy, what are their powers and why/how they unethically influence agencies (such as CBI and police)?
Fundamental Duties- Do we know them?
NoCountryForMuslims Modi's AYUSH Ministry doesnt recruit Muslims
Army fumes at deployment in Sri Sri's event
Tathagata Satpathy's remarks in LokSabha on the ongoing controversies in the country.
Scorecard grading Modi's Economic Reform Programs
5 Probable Reasons Why BJP Has to Face Defeat in Bihar Election
Bihar Elections: Will Bihar Rise to Glory Beyond the Shadow Jungle-Raj
Mehbooba Mufti( president of the Jammu &amp; Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party ) to be appointed as a memeber of Council of Ministers
Aap ka Delhi, apna Delhi :D
Are we forgetting about Andaman and nikobar
India wins U.S. support for food scheme, ends WTO blockade
Mr. Vadra Are You Serious???
Shashi Tharoor in trouble
Predict Modi's Cabinet (Just like a fantasy league)
India Election 2014: Form your own government
The 'relative'-ity of politics
Rahul Gandhi Brilliant Rap Song - CONgress party ko desh se nikalo
modi on hats
Vision 2014
Brief overview of Indian politics in terms of the current election
Poll Suggests Crushing Loss for Congress
Why Sonia Gandhi is all for make love not war
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi faces direct questions on Frankly Speaking with Arnab Goswami on Monday at 9pm
Arvind Kejriwal - a New ERA of Indian Politics
Discussion on comparison of development in the states governed by BJP and Congress
Mamata talks nudge for hills
All you wanted to know about India's new land acquisition bill
Morcha gathers movement feedback - Gurung’s 4 questions on protest
Food Security: The biggest mistake India might have made till date
India's Onion Prices Play Pivotal Role in Election
Morcha agitation gets wider - Cities across India to witness Gorkhaland rallies
Modi said : "The Government should have only one religion -- India First. Only one sacred scripture -- the Constitution. Only one power -- people power. Only one worship -- 1.25 billion citizens of India."
Are there any legitimately progressive Muslim leaders in India?
anyone active here? Here's Aranb yelling at all parties for caste politics. Important points raised.
Modi: need arguments for and against.
Activity?Discussion?
Congress is back in Karnataka and the first thing it did is lift the ban on cow slaughter put in place by the BJP
We need to take a stand on Modi
Hardtalk India Manmohan Singh 25 8 1999
Who’s anti-women, Modi or the media? - A critique of Modi's election campaing speech in HP and media's handling of his '50-crore girlfriend' remark
"Muslim dislike for Modi is reducing in intensity compared to 2009..."
So do we really need this subreddit?
As Andhra Pradesh faces power shortage, Cong leader splurges crores on daughter's wedding [x-post from r/India]
Is Modi the Ideal Choice?
Assembly elections 2013: BJP optimistic, AAP cheerful, Congress prays
NAMO ANTHEM, the best ever song on Shri. Narendra Modi Ji
Why all this fuss about Modi will create UPA 3
United they are, divided and fallen are we.
CBI - Caged Bureau of Investigation
Where can I get data about industrial output categorised by states ?
Labour MP defends Corbyn and attacks Venezuelan Opposition ...
Meanwhile in England
'Psychiatric Problems': Knife-man Arrested at Eiffel Tower After Shouting 'Allah Akhbar'
GERMANY TAKES OUT ITS HISTORY-PHOBIA ON INNOCENT TOURISTS
Milo Yiannopoulos &amp;amp; Alex Jones Discuss Youtube Censorship
Eiffel Tower attacker 'wanted to kill soldier'
Dunkirk Backstory: Jewish Traitors, Communist Spies, and the Internment of Oswald Mosley’s Blackshirts
American Janissaries
HAARETZ: “The Swiss Alps Seem Quaint Until You Learn the Truth About Their Residents”
Africa’s land crisis
NGOs and European Defense Forces Shipped Another 85,000 Africans to Italy
Emmanuel Macron and the Crisis of the Elite
UKIP Nigel Farage Speaking At 'Young America's Foundation' Conference
France has seen 271 jihadi militants return: minister
Sweden: Police Say Situation 'Completely Unacceptable' after 550 Per Cent Rise in Grenade Attacks
The Cult Of #Pride
Farage: Brexit betrayal has begun, I may return to frontline
UKIP Nigel Farage - We Shouldn't Be Afraid To Talk About Islam
Germany Could Have Deported Hamburg Supermarket Attacker in 2015
India Launches £383 Million Submarine—But Takes £47 million in “Foreign Aid” from Britain
Italians Come to Rescue of Minors Being Harassed by Fake Refugees.
Milo Yiannopoulos On His Book 'Dangerous' Being Banned In Shops
Douglas Murray Discusses The Problems Of Immigration With Stefan Molyneux
France: Jews rejoice as new law bans convicted racists, antisemites, holocaust deniers and homophobes for standing for public office
Are Baltic states still Baltic tigers?
Greece Is the Word
Legal justice in today's Britain
Syrian migrants visit Swedish family who sheltered them, one rapes their 14 y/o daughter. Man will not be deported
Libyan military strongman threatens Italian ships trying to stop flow of migrants
Study: Radical Islamists Actually Have Extensive Knowledge of Islam
Police Smash Gang Who Smuggled Thousands of Iranians to UK Over Ten Years
German journalist forced to sign apology: ‘Media is a government outlet which suppresses critical views’
UN Demands UK Accept Twice as Many ‘Refugees’ Who ‘Revive’ Country
France: Rocket launcher discovered near Qur’an school
Donald Tusk threatens to kick Poland out of the EU
Hungary's tax burden declines by almost 9 percent since 2010, the highest reduction in Europe
Switzerland: Shock as stats show Africans committing crime at 12 x rate of native Swiss
New results of Sweden's asylum age assessment tests released
Germans Say 'Climate Change' Is Biggest Personal Fear... Ahead of Terror, Mass Migration
White British Lord Sentenced To 3 Months In Prison For Mocking Colored Guyanese Woman
UN Demands UK Accept Twice as Many ‘Refugees’ Who ‘Revive’ Country
Feminist Nationalism doesn’t work
Nick Ferrarri On LBC - Tory MEPs Say 'We Need To Get On With It'
CHURCH OF ENGLAND DYING BECAUSE IT IS TOO MIDDLE CLASS, FEMALE, AND GAY OBSESSED
Africa Will Not Save Spengler's West.
Der moralische Größenwahn jugendlicher Flüchtlingsretter
Weise warnt vor Lücken in Ausländer-Datenbank
(Sweden) Social Services: IS terrorists can be good parents
European court halts Germany's deportation of 'dangerous' Islamist suspect
Letter from H. R. McMaster said Susan Rice will keep her top-secret security clearance
UK: 23,000 Terrorists and Counting
North African migrant gets the first indication of raising National Pride in Italy - translation in comments.
Poland will claim reparation from Germany in response for the EU sanctions
Is Merkel going to win the federal elections owing to Poroshenko?
Italy seizes its first NGO rescue boat, claims “evidence of encounters between human traffickers and crew members”
Italy toughens tone on NGO migrant rescue boats
Number of hand grenade attacks in Sweden has risen sevenfold, Police has no idea what to do about it
22.5% of Germany now has a migrant background. Meanwhile, crime statistics are turning gloomy
Italy seizes German group's rescue boat in immigration probe
Make England England Again
Germany's judicial, police shortages 'threaten rule of law'
Report: Half of Terror Plots in Germany by ‘Refugees’
Germany's long goodbye to coal despite Merkel's green push
Türkei tauscht Militärführung aus
Germany accuses Vietnam of kidnapping asylum seeker in Berlin
Islam spielt bei Radikalisierung größere Rolle als angenommen
Tommy Robinson - The William Gladstone Statue
What do you think about Trump firing his communication director?
Truckers assaulted by migrants in Belgium: “Do people have to die before our politicians intervene?”
Tommy Robinson Is Contacting His Solicitor For Being Thrown Out Of Cambridge
The European Commission wants to assume new powers
President Trump &amp; Ivanka Trump Speaking At Small Business Event
The Truth About Immigration #2 – The Alleged 'Economic Benefits’
What is Odinism?, Part IV: Odinism as an Esoteric Path
Denmark: Rapes Soared 196 PERCENT Since Liberal Government Took Power, Invited Refugees
Sweden: Three African migrants gang-rape 15 y/o girl, none are deported due to “humanitarian considerations”
Umstrittene Gesichtserkennung in Berlin gestartet
Burkini-Clad Holidaymakers Told Islamic Swimwear ‘Not Acceptable to Portuguese Culture’
Former London postman charged with murdering Syrian captives in Isis mass execution
Sarah Sanders TRIGGERS the Entire Briefing Room By Destroying Russia Narrative
New shelters for hundreds of migrants to open around Calais
Four Teenage Girls Raped at Swedish Music Festival, Many More Sexually Abused
Recognize Anyone? Report Identifies 173 ISIS Operatives Trying To Reach the West
Immigrant population hits new high in Germany
Iranian woman who fled to Germany 31 years ago: ‘Merkel is turning this country into Iran’
UK: Muslim guilty of distributing jihad terror propaganda on YouTube and WhatsApp
Sarah Sanders WH Press Briefing - FAKE NEWS Russia Narrative &amp; Seth Rich [08/01/17]
GETTING MEDIAEVAL
Big brother in Berlin: Face recognition technology gets tested
Shocking moment moped thugs spray victim in suspected acid attack near Harrods, UK
Immigrant population hits new high in Germany
The challenge of determining terrorist threats
Germany and France Slammed for Using Passchendaele Centenary to Promote European Union
Spain Overwhelmed by Trade in Arms, Drugs, and Illegal Migrants from North Africa
SPD-Politiker Pistorius unterstützt Auffanglager in Libyen
Bundesanwaltschaft übernimmt Ermittlungen
Russia Needs To Finally Become Russian -- Why I can't stand Russia's liberal intelligentsia.
Jean Raspail: Publishing "Camp of the Saints" would be impossible now
Slovakia: Patriotic party leaders charged with crimes for 1488 euros payment
Clouds over Merkel's pre-election holiday
The Odinic &amp; the Faustian
Aid groups split over Italy's new rules for migrant rescues
Labour MP defends Corbyn and attacks Venezuelan Opposition ...
Meanwhile in England
'Psychiatric Problems': Knife-man Arrested at Eiffel Tower After Shouting 'Allah Akhbar'
GERMANY TAKES OUT ITS HISTORY-PHOBIA ON INNOCENT TOURISTS
Milo Yiannopoulos &amp;amp; Alex Jones Discuss Youtube Censorship
Eiffel Tower attacker 'wanted to kill soldier'
Dunkirk Backstory: Jewish Traitors, Communist Spies, and the Internment of Oswald Mosley’s Blackshirts
American Janissaries
HAARETZ: “The Swiss Alps Seem Quaint Until You Learn the Truth About Their Residents”
Africa’s land crisis
NGOs and European Defense Forces Shipped Another 85,000 Africans to Italy
Emmanuel Macron and the Crisis of the Elite
UKIP Nigel Farage Speaking At 'Young America's Foundation' Conference
France has seen 271 jihadi militants return: minister
Sweden: Police Say Situation 'Completely Unacceptable' after 550 Per Cent Rise in Grenade Attacks
The Cult Of #Pride
Farage: Brexit betrayal has begun, I may return to frontline
UKIP Nigel Farage - We Shouldn't Be Afraid To Talk About Islam
Germany Could Have Deported Hamburg Supermarket Attacker in 2015
India Launches £383 Million Submarine—But Takes £47 million in “Foreign Aid” from Britain
Italians Come to Rescue of Minors Being Harassed by Fake Refugees.
Milo Yiannopoulos On His Book 'Dangerous' Being Banned In Shops
Douglas Murray Discusses The Problems Of Immigration With Stefan Molyneux
France: Jews rejoice as new law bans convicted racists, antisemites, holocaust deniers and homophobes for standing for public office
Are Baltic states still Baltic tigers?
Greece Is the Word
Legal justice in today's Britain
Syrian migrants visit Swedish family who sheltered them, one rapes their 14 y/o daughter. Man will not be deported
Libyan military strongman threatens Italian ships trying to stop flow of migrants
Study: Radical Islamists Actually Have Extensive Knowledge of Islam
Police Smash Gang Who Smuggled Thousands of Iranians to UK Over Ten Years
German journalist forced to sign apology: ‘Media is a government outlet which suppresses critical views’
UN Demands UK Accept Twice as Many ‘Refugees’ Who ‘Revive’ Country
France: Rocket launcher discovered near Qur’an school
Donald Tusk threatens to kick Poland out of the EU
Hungary's tax burden declines by almost 9 percent since 2010, the highest reduction in Europe
Switzerland: Shock as stats show Africans committing crime at 12 x rate of native Swiss
New results of Sweden's asylum age assessment tests released
Germans Say 'Climate Change' Is Biggest Personal Fear... Ahead of Terror, Mass Migration
White British Lord Sentenced To 3 Months In Prison For Mocking Colored Guyanese Woman
UN Demands UK Accept Twice as Many ‘Refugees’ Who ‘Revive’ Country
Feminist Nationalism doesn’t work
Nick Ferrarri On LBC - Tory MEPs Say 'We Need To Get On With It'
CHURCH OF ENGLAND DYING BECAUSE IT IS TOO MIDDLE CLASS, FEMALE, AND GAY OBSESSED
Africa Will Not Save Spengler's West.
Der moralische Größenwahn jugendlicher Flüchtlingsretter
Weise warnt vor Lücken in Ausländer-Datenbank
(Sweden) Social Services: IS terrorists can be good parents
European court halts Germany's deportation of 'dangerous' Islamist suspect
Letter from H. R. McMaster said Susan Rice will keep her top-secret security clearance
UK: 23,000 Terrorists and Counting
North African migrant gets the first indication of raising National Pride in Italy - translation in comments.
Poland will claim reparation from Germany in response for the EU sanctions
Is Merkel going to win the federal elections owing to Poroshenko?
Italy seizes its first NGO rescue boat, claims “evidence of encounters between human traffickers and crew members”
Italy toughens tone on NGO migrant rescue boats
Number of hand grenade attacks in Sweden has risen sevenfold, Police has no idea what to do about it
22.5% of Germany now has a migrant background. Meanwhile, crime statistics are turning gloomy
Italy seizes German group's rescue boat in immigration probe
Make England England Again
Germany's judicial, police shortages 'threaten rule of law'
Report: Half of Terror Plots in Germany by ‘Refugees’
Germany's long goodbye to coal despite Merkel's green push
Türkei tauscht Militärführung aus
Germany accuses Vietnam of kidnapping asylum seeker in Berlin
Islam spielt bei Radikalisierung größere Rolle als angenommen
Tommy Robinson - The William Gladstone Statue
What do you think about Trump firing his communication director?
Truckers assaulted by migrants in Belgium: “Do people have to die before our politicians intervene?”
Tommy Robinson Is Contacting His Solicitor For Being Thrown Out Of Cambridge
The European Commission wants to assume new powers
President Trump &amp; Ivanka Trump Speaking At Small Business Event
The Truth About Immigration #2 – The Alleged 'Economic Benefits’
What is Odinism?, Part IV: Odinism as an Esoteric Path
Denmark: Rapes Soared 196 PERCENT Since Liberal Government Took Power, Invited Refugees
Sweden: Three African migrants gang-rape 15 y/o girl, none are deported due to “humanitarian considerations”
Umstrittene Gesichtserkennung in Berlin gestartet
Burkini-Clad Holidaymakers Told Islamic Swimwear ‘Not Acceptable to Portuguese Culture’
Former London postman charged with murdering Syrian captives in Isis mass execution
Sarah Sanders TRIGGERS the Entire Briefing Room By Destroying Russia Narrative
New shelters for hundreds of migrants to open around Calais
Four Teenage Girls Raped at Swedish Music Festival, Many More Sexually Abused
Recognize Anyone? Report Identifies 173 ISIS Operatives Trying To Reach the West
Immigrant population hits new high in Germany
Iranian woman who fled to Germany 31 years ago: ‘Merkel is turning this country into Iran’
UK: Muslim guilty of distributing jihad terror propaganda on YouTube and WhatsApp
Sarah Sanders WH Press Briefing - FAKE NEWS Russia Narrative &amp; Seth Rich [08/01/17]
GETTING MEDIAEVAL
Big brother in Berlin: Face recognition technology gets tested
Shocking moment moped thugs spray victim in suspected acid attack near Harrods, UK
Immigrant population hits new high in Germany
The challenge of determining terrorist threats
Germany and France Slammed for Using Passchendaele Centenary to Promote European Union
Spain Overwhelmed by Trade in Arms, Drugs, and Illegal Migrants from North Africa
SPD-Politiker Pistorius unterstützt Auffanglager in Libyen
Bundesanwaltschaft übernimmt Ermittlungen
Russia Needs To Finally Become Russian -- Why I can't stand Russia's liberal intelligentsia.
Jean Raspail: Publishing "Camp of the Saints" would be impossible now
Slovakia: Patriotic party leaders charged with crimes for 1488 euros payment
Clouds over Merkel's pre-election holiday
The Odinic &amp; the Faustian
Aid groups split over Italy's new rules for migrant rescues
Why The Patreon V Southern Issue Defines The Times We Live In
A flawed homage to Jacques Hamel
The Norman Conquest Of Siciliy
'Jihadi Rehab' Deradicalisation Centre Closes Doors After Finding No Volunteers to Take Part
London Bridge terrorist was a teacher at an Islamic primary school
European Commissioner calls for strong measures against judicial reforms in Poland
The EU plans to freeze people's bank accounts in failings banks
Deutschelusional: Hamburg Killer Says He Wanted to be a Terrorist, But German Cops Insist He Was Mentally Ill
Bloomberg: Hamburg Attack Puts Merkel Refugee Policy Back in Spotlight
Ress-Mogg Slams EU Brexit Bill Threats, Says Bloc 'In Real Trouble' Without British Cash
France to Open Two Centres Handling Migrants Returning to Calais
WikiLeaks publishes searchable archive of Macron campaign emails
Liberal 'Rob Berkeley' Informs Nick Ferrari That “Black People Can’t Be Racist'
Should Turkey still join the EU? What do you guys think?
Hamburg knife attack stokes refugee debate as German vote nears
Foreign Policy: Germany Has an Arrogance Problem
Migrant crisis: Irish navy rescues 109 off Libyan coast
Hamburg supermarket attacker 'was known Islamist'
Tommy Robinson - Pop into Fletchers To Get A 'Don't Fund Terrorism' Sticker
Europe's generosity motivates more migrants to leave Africa - Bill Gates
What is Odinism?, Part II: The Allfather
London Riots: Cambridge University Diversity Officer Under Investigation After Anti-White Racist Rant
Konstanz nightclub shooting: Gunman opened fire 'after argument'
African Migrant Stabs Bus Driver in the Chest, Attacks Police
Macronleaks 2.0: Wikileaks Publishes Over 21,000 Macron Campaign Emails
African migrant steals money from an unsuspecting Italian on train
Das kann Merkel vor der Wahl noch gefährlich werden
African Migrant Stabs Bus Driver in the Chest, Attacks Police in Siena region of Italy
Tommy Robinson Explains Why The Celtic Fans Are Angry At Him
555.000 Grundschulkinder ohne Ganztagsbetreuung
Neue Lehrer sollten Unterrichtsausfall stoppen - Prognose weckt aber Zweifel
Ireland of the cucks
African Migrant Stabs Bus Driver in the Chest, Attacks Police
Germany's Refugee-Driven Terror Problem Out of Control After a Dozen Incidents Since Jan 2016
Tommy Robinson Watches Celtic Fans Attacking A Shop
Mother raped by a 'Good Samaritan' Muslim migrant is now 'broken person' - Geller Report
“No Decent Answers”–John Derbyshire On Douglas Murray’s THE STRANGE DEATH OF EUROPE
European Union Takes Legal Action Against Poland... For Refusing To Do As They Are Told
MALLOCH: Europa, Eurabia and the Last man
Man charged with rape of girl, 14, in Birmingham - BBC News
Another Day, Another Terror Attack In Germany
Four German Women Arrested In Iraq Worked As 'Morality Police' For Islamic State
Germany: Islamic State recruiter tells undercover reporter “Go to a hospital and calmly kill them”
France: A New Calais for Enrichment and Vibrancy
Slovakia: Nationalist Leader Charged after Handing over €1,488 Value Checks
Buy Tommy Robinson's 'Mohammed's Koran' Book On Amazon
Germany: Mayor tells citizens angry about Muslim migrant rapes “Don’t provoke them”
Tommy Robinson Records Celtic Fans Attacking Fletcher's Shop
Germany: Hamburg jihadi “stopped drinking alcohol and started talking about the Quran”
What is Odinism, Part I: Odin the Philosopher
A majority of Swedes are against accepting more immigrants from the third world
Chaos in Sunderland, UK as Hamas-supporting Celtic football fans attack the shop where based Tommy Robinson is working for the day
New EU aid scheme for Greece to help refugees with rent, cash
Immigrant Shouts "Allahu Akbar" As He Goes Into Stabbing Rampage in Hamburg Supermarket; No Known Motive, Say German Police
Tommy Robinson Now Has A NEW Best Seller 'Mohammed's Koran'
VIDEO: Black Lives Matter Riots in London, Police Attacked
Macron Aims To Clear Migrants From The Streets Of France
Christoffer Dulny – From Sweden Democrat to Alt-Right: The Metapolitical Struggle
UK Police Force Threatens To Charge Twitter Users Who Mocked It
Based MEP Janusz Korwin-Mikke knows whats up
Guy Who 'Spent 20K To Look Like David Beckham' Says Taxpayers Will Pay For His Life
EU: Turkey still a candidate to join bloc despite Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown - Why The Hell Is This A Thing?
Italy plans naval move into Libyan waters to stop migrant boats
15 year old girl raped twice by 'Asians' in separate assaults
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Migration From The European Union
Denmark-Born Muslims More Angry, Score Higher on Violence Predictors than Immigrants
A Month of Islam and Multiculturalism in Britain: June 2017
Swedish Shop Refuses Woman Service For Not Wearing Hijab
In Birthplace Of Joan of Arc Local Residents Force Mayor To Drop Controversial Plans For Migrant Center
What now for German IS brides when they return home?
22% of students in west Dublin school do not use English as a first language
The police in Birmingham are on the hunt for two ‘Asian’ men after a teen girl was brutally raped at a train station, and sexually abused again by another Asian man she asked for help after the incident.
France to conduct asylum seeker checks in Libya: Macron
Homosexueller Flüchtling in Unterkunft attackiert
Holy Terror: an Interview with Ibn Warraq
UKIP Nigel Farage On LBC - Jeremy Corbyn Is The New Nick Clegg
Migrant Crisis: 43% of All Rapes in Sweden Are on Children
Muslim gang rampaged through Liverpool attacking strangers because they were white "non-Muslims"
Besatzung von Antiflüchtlingsschiff wieder frei
The German mosque that attracts women imams, gays and death threats
New Arabic Swimming Pool Signs Warn Guests Not to Molest Bikini-Clad Girls
Migrant-crisis spending up to 4.2 bn in 2017-Padoan
Culture-Enricher Torches Asylum Center in Kramfors
Brussels piles pressure on EU eastern bloc countries over migrants
German state television portrays physically fit blonds as literal animals
German judge warns of court system 'collapse' due to mass number of asylum complaints
Turkey's Erdogan rails against 'agents', fuelling Germany dispute
Sven Lau: German preacher jailed on Syria charges
Russian Ark
Convicted Islamic terrorist cannot be deported from Ireland, Supreme Court rules
Syrer spuckt auf Richterbank und wirft mit Schuh nach Staatsanwalt
UKIP Nigel Farage Tells Jon Gaunt He Will Return If Hard BREXIT Doesn't Happen
Ungarn und Slowakei sollen Flüchtlinge aufnehmen
Dutch Jihadist announces his return; sings “F*ck with me, I will slaughter your head off (sic)” in rap song
Failed Afghan asylum seeker who wanted to kill Germans allowed to stay
Trey Gowdy's Opening For Office of National Drug Control Policy
Top court clears Austria, Slovenia of turning back asylum seekers
Maajid Nawaz Is Planning To SUE The SPLC
Sweden: Woman swimming at lake surrounded by teens, molested and beaten, police not interested
Believe
Why The Patreon V Southern Issue Defines The Times We Live In
A flawed homage to Jacques Hamel
The Norman Conquest Of Siciliy
'Jihadi Rehab' Deradicalisation Centre Closes Doors After Finding No Volunteers to Take Part
London Bridge terrorist was a teacher at an Islamic primary school
European Commissioner calls for strong measures against judicial reforms in Poland
The EU plans to freeze people's bank accounts in failings banks
Deutschelusional: Hamburg Killer Says He Wanted to be a Terrorist, But German Cops Insist He Was Mentally Ill
Bloomberg: Hamburg Attack Puts Merkel Refugee Policy Back in Spotlight
Ress-Mogg Slams EU Brexit Bill Threats, Says Bloc 'In Real Trouble' Without British Cash
France to Open Two Centres Handling Migrants Returning to Calais
WikiLeaks publishes searchable archive of Macron campaign emails
Liberal 'Rob Berkeley' Informs Nick Ferrari That “Black People Can’t Be Racist'
Should Turkey still join the EU? What do you guys think?
Hamburg knife attack stokes refugee debate as German vote nears
Foreign Policy: Germany Has an Arrogance Problem
Migrant crisis: Irish navy rescues 109 off Libyan coast
Hamburg supermarket attacker 'was known Islamist'
Tommy Robinson - Pop into Fletchers To Get A 'Don't Fund Terrorism' Sticker
Europe's generosity motivates more migrants to leave Africa - Bill Gates
What is Odinism?, Part II: The Allfather
London Riots: Cambridge University Diversity Officer Under Investigation After Anti-White Racist Rant
Konstanz nightclub shooting: Gunman opened fire 'after argument'
African Migrant Stabs Bus Driver in the Chest, Attacks Police
Macronleaks 2.0: Wikileaks Publishes Over 21,000 Macron Campaign Emails
African migrant steals money from an unsuspecting Italian on train
Das kann Merkel vor der Wahl noch gefährlich werden
African Migrant Stabs Bus Driver in the Chest, Attacks Police in Siena region of Italy
Tommy Robinson Explains Why The Celtic Fans Are Angry At Him
555.000 Grundschulkinder ohne Ganztagsbetreuung
Neue Lehrer sollten Unterrichtsausfall stoppen - Prognose weckt aber Zweifel
Ireland of the cucks
African Migrant Stabs Bus Driver in the Chest, Attacks Police
Germany's Refugee-Driven Terror Problem Out of Control After a Dozen Incidents Since Jan 2016
Tommy Robinson Watches Celtic Fans Attacking A Shop
Mother raped by a 'Good Samaritan' Muslim migrant is now 'broken person' - Geller Report
“No Decent Answers”–John Derbyshire On Douglas Murray’s THE STRANGE DEATH OF EUROPE
European Union Takes Legal Action Against Poland... For Refusing To Do As They Are Told
MALLOCH: Europa, Eurabia and the Last man
Man charged with rape of girl, 14, in Birmingham - BBC News
Another Day, Another Terror Attack In Germany
Four German Women Arrested In Iraq Worked As 'Morality Police' For Islamic State
Germany: Islamic State recruiter tells undercover reporter “Go to a hospital and calmly kill them”
France: A New Calais for Enrichment and Vibrancy
Slovakia: Nationalist Leader Charged after Handing over €1,488 Value Checks
Buy Tommy Robinson's 'Mohammed's Koran' Book On Amazon
Germany: Mayor tells citizens angry about Muslim migrant rapes “Don’t provoke them”
Tommy Robinson Records Celtic Fans Attacking Fletcher's Shop
Germany: Hamburg jihadi “stopped drinking alcohol and started talking about the Quran”
What is Odinism, Part I: Odin the Philosopher
A majority of Swedes are against accepting more immigrants from the third world
Chaos in Sunderland, UK as Hamas-supporting Celtic football fans attack the shop where based Tommy Robinson is working for the day
New EU aid scheme for Greece to help refugees with rent, cash
Immigrant Shouts "Allahu Akbar" As He Goes Into Stabbing Rampage in Hamburg Supermarket; No Known Motive, Say German Police
Tommy Robinson Now Has A NEW Best Seller 'Mohammed's Koran'
VIDEO: Black Lives Matter Riots in London, Police Attacked
Macron Aims To Clear Migrants From The Streets Of France
Christoffer Dulny – From Sweden Democrat to Alt-Right: The Metapolitical Struggle
UK Police Force Threatens To Charge Twitter Users Who Mocked It
Based MEP Janusz Korwin-Mikke knows whats up
Guy Who 'Spent 20K To Look Like David Beckham' Says Taxpayers Will Pay For His Life
EU: Turkey still a candidate to join bloc despite Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown - Why The Hell Is This A Thing?
Italy plans naval move into Libyan waters to stop migrant boats
15 year old girl raped twice by 'Asians' in separate assaults
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Migration From The European Union
Denmark-Born Muslims More Angry, Score Higher on Violence Predictors than Immigrants
A Month of Islam and Multiculturalism in Britain: June 2017
Swedish Shop Refuses Woman Service For Not Wearing Hijab
In Birthplace Of Joan of Arc Local Residents Force Mayor To Drop Controversial Plans For Migrant Center
What now for German IS brides when they return home?
22% of students in west Dublin school do not use English as a first language
The police in Birmingham are on the hunt for two ‘Asian’ men after a teen girl was brutally raped at a train station, and sexually abused again by another Asian man she asked for help after the incident.
France to conduct asylum seeker checks in Libya: Macron
Homosexueller Flüchtling in Unterkunft attackiert
Holy Terror: an Interview with Ibn Warraq
UKIP Nigel Farage On LBC - Jeremy Corbyn Is The New Nick Clegg
Migrant Crisis: 43% of All Rapes in Sweden Are on Children
Muslim gang rampaged through Liverpool attacking strangers because they were white "non-Muslims"
Besatzung von Antiflüchtlingsschiff wieder frei
The German mosque that attracts women imams, gays and death threats
New Arabic Swimming Pool Signs Warn Guests Not to Molest Bikini-Clad Girls
Migrant-crisis spending up to 4.2 bn in 2017-Padoan
Culture-Enricher Torches Asylum Center in Kramfors
Brussels piles pressure on EU eastern bloc countries over migrants
German state television portrays physically fit blonds as literal animals
German judge warns of court system 'collapse' due to mass number of asylum complaints
Turkey's Erdogan rails against 'agents', fuelling Germany dispute
Sven Lau: German preacher jailed on Syria charges
Russian Ark
Convicted Islamic terrorist cannot be deported from Ireland, Supreme Court rules
Syrer spuckt auf Richterbank und wirft mit Schuh nach Staatsanwalt
UKIP Nigel Farage Tells Jon Gaunt He Will Return If Hard BREXIT Doesn't Happen
Ungarn und Slowakei sollen Flüchtlinge aufnehmen
Dutch Jihadist announces his return; sings “F*ck with me, I will slaughter your head off (sic)” in rap song
Failed Afghan asylum seeker who wanted to kill Germans allowed to stay
Trey Gowdy's Opening For Office of National Drug Control Policy
Top court clears Austria, Slovenia of turning back asylum seekers
Maajid Nawaz Is Planning To SUE The SPLC
Sweden: Woman swimming at lake surrounded by teens, molested and beaten, police not interested
Believe
UKIP NIgel Farage Hosts LBC - President Trump's Transgender Military BAN
Education minister loses fight against Amsterdam Islamic high school
Global Warming Believers Want To BAN Petrol &amp; Diesel Cars By 2040
Phillip Hammond Assures transition period For BREXIT
UKIP Nigel Farage Confronts Caller Who Thinks Britain Didn't Exist Before EU
WashPost: In Germany, Merkel welcomed hundreds of thousands of refugees. Now many are suing her government.
Bavaria ramps up security measures against terrorist threats
Will Europe belong to Europeans?
Gheorghe Piperea: The Pepper That Could Make Multinationals in Romania Sneez
WATCH: Incredible Footage of Police Knocking Out 'Allahu Akhbar' Attacker With Thrown Plastic Barrier
How IS radicalizes teenagers using the internet
EU relocations: the good, the bad, and the ugly
Former German Cop: “Angela Merkel is the Worst Thing That Ever Happened to Germany and Europe”
KYS Nazi scum
Sharia UK: London police ask ex-Muslims to pull “Allah Is Gay” sign, but allow “Jesus Is Gay” to stay
Mindestens 280 Flüchtlinge psychisch behandelt
NRW gegen "Schreiben nach Hören"
EU pledges more measures to help Italy in migrant crisis
Hannover: Moroccan Rapist Let Off Lightly — He Had PTSD
UKIP Nigel Farage On LBC - The Jeremy Corbyn Student Debt Row
Children 'as young as nine' caught robbing people in Stockholm
Sweden: A Failed State?
Germany: Syrian refugee attempts to rape 24 y/o woman: “Just once”, he tells her during the assault
Times: German media ‘failed to hold Merkel to account’ over migrant influx
Protesters in France build wall around building to prevent its use as migrant shelter
A Month of Islam and Multiculturalism in France: June 2017
(Cyprus) Remand for suspected people smuggler on boat with 143 refugees
Massive Changes In Denmark!
Norway's Political Elites Cheer for Islam
French villagers build wall around hotel migrant centre
North African man assaults Spanish border police while shouting “Allah Akbar”
UK ad Welsh nightlife: Twenty cases of sexual assault reported a week, many more remain unreported
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Government Vs Parents On Their Children
Far-Left Extremists Force Israeli Bookshop to Close in Berlin
Tommy Robinson &amp;amp; Kevin Carroll On Their Way To Portsmouth
The Spectator: how charity rescue boats exacerbate the refugee crisis
Mixed nationality Norwegians reach record numbers
No magic solution': Italy pushes plans to resettle migrants all over country
Nach 500 Jahren: Der Islam holt sich Spanien zurück
Turkey backtracks on terror financing charge against German companies
Swedish cyber security slip-up 'a complete failure': PM Stefan Löfven
Richard Dawkins Event Canceled Over Past Comments About Islam
Book Review -- Marta Petreu, An Infamous Past: E.M. Cioran and the Rise of Fascism in Romania
ON INNS, by Hilaire Belloc
You can’t get your hair cut online.
The Real History of The Crusades
The Strange Myopia of Douglas Murray
Caller Tells Nigel Farage He's No Longer Voting After How Government Has Handle Brexit
Why The Greek God Hermes Is A Perfect Symbol For Neomasculinity
Letter from England 1: Setting the Scene
Italy is facing a surge of migration across the Mediterranean
Migrant Sex Attacks in German State Double From Last Year
Deutschland ist der größte Hedgefonds der Welt
Grüne wollen Deutschkurs für Migranten ohne Asylchance
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Mass EU Immigration 2 Years After Brexit?
Islamist Migrant Set To Be Released From German Prison Despite Making Terror Threats
Sweden: 9-year-old street children rob people in Stockholm
The BIG Questions - Contraception &amp; Exporting 'Values' 2017
Theresa May Cucks To The City And The EU On Brexit -- The watering down of Brexit continues. Is the UK getting the worst of both worlds?
Germany must act now to stop re-run of refugee crisis, Merkel rival says
Sweden: 20-year-old arrested after rape at the city of Härnösand
The Real European Union Is Based On Christendom
'Stop, EU': Giant anti-migrant message ploughed into Italian field
Orban reinvigorates Western freedom and civilization in 2017 State of the Union
Czech war veteran from Italy: That country is ruined! Aggressive immigrants are everywhere
The Death of Europe in 29 Pictures
Nick Ferrari VS SALTY Jeremy Corbyn Supporter On LBC
Beata Szydło on Polish Judicial Reforms: “We Will Keep Our Promise”
Jewish council says anti-Semitism in Germany is increasing
Zurück zum Streit
Why did Polish president refuse to sign the bill to eradicate the pro-EU courts?
Driverless cars in Budapest
The Eighteenth Brumaire of Fritz Pendleton
Traglufthalle für Flüchtlinge wird geschlossen
Germany: Migrants avoiding deportation for being terrorists
Brexit: The Betrayal | United Kingdom's EU Referendum
Islamist Migrant Set To Be Released From German Prison Despite Making Terror Threats
Surging Anti-Semitism in Germany Sparks Cry for Help from Jews
UKIP Nigel Farage MEP - 'BREXIT Could See Brussels Rule Courts &amp; Borders'
Sweden: Dark-skinned man wanted in sexual assault of 17-year-old girl
Spain Brings 57 African Migrants to Europe
Poll: Popularity Tumbles for France's Macron
New measurement: SD now Sweden's largest party
Liberal Vince Cable Is Wanting A 2nd EU Referendum
German media failed to objectively report refugee crisis, sided with govt agenda – study
Donald Trump Advert SLAMS FAKE NEWS - The Crime so far is LEAKS Against Us
Michel Barnier Dodges A Question On ECJ Control
Drug Dealers Are Using Facebook As Their Black Market
Flash - Popularity tumbles for France's Macron: poll
Jacob Rees-Mogg &amp;amp; Jess Phillips Reviewing GE2017 Campaign-Fallout
UK: Muslim migrant who stormed church screaming “I will kill you and kill all the English” escapes deportation
Orbรกn: 'The question of the coming decades: Will Europe belong to Europeans?'
Viktor Orbán: “A Country That Cannot Defend Its Border is Not a Country”
Asylum seekers and foreigners massively overrepresented in German sex crime statistics
Poland's Senate Passes Reforms in Defiance of EU, Left Wing Protests
78% of Italians feel abandoned by EU over migrant crisis
Cars torched in Zedelgem
German Runaway Girl Who Converted to Islam Found in Iraq
PM Orbán: ‘The question of the coming decades: Will Europe belong to Europeans?’
The Hate Towards White Swedes (Eng Subs)
UKIP NIgel Farage Hosts LBC - President Trump's Transgender Military BAN
Education minister loses fight against Amsterdam Islamic high school
Global Warming Believers Want To BAN Petrol &amp; Diesel Cars By 2040
Phillip Hammond Assures transition period For BREXIT
UKIP Nigel Farage Confronts Caller Who Thinks Britain Didn't Exist Before EU
WashPost: In Germany, Merkel welcomed hundreds of thousands of refugees. Now many are suing her government.
Bavaria ramps up security measures against terrorist threats
Will Europe belong to Europeans?
Gheorghe Piperea: The Pepper That Could Make Multinationals in Romania Sneez
WATCH: Incredible Footage of Police Knocking Out 'Allahu Akhbar' Attacker With Thrown Plastic Barrier
How IS radicalizes teenagers using the internet
EU relocations: the good, the bad, and the ugly
Former German Cop: “Angela Merkel is the Worst Thing That Ever Happened to Germany and Europe”
KYS Nazi scum
Sharia UK: London police ask ex-Muslims to pull “Allah Is Gay” sign, but allow “Jesus Is Gay” to stay
Mindestens 280 Flüchtlinge psychisch behandelt
NRW gegen "Schreiben nach Hören"
EU pledges more measures to help Italy in migrant crisis
Hannover: Moroccan Rapist Let Off Lightly — He Had PTSD
UKIP Nigel Farage On LBC - The Jeremy Corbyn Student Debt Row
Children 'as young as nine' caught robbing people in Stockholm
Sweden: A Failed State?
Germany: Syrian refugee attempts to rape 24 y/o woman: “Just once”, he tells her during the assault
Times: German media ‘failed to hold Merkel to account’ over migrant influx
Protesters in France build wall around building to prevent its use as migrant shelter
A Month of Islam and Multiculturalism in France: June 2017
(Cyprus) Remand for suspected people smuggler on boat with 143 refugees
Massive Changes In Denmark!
Norway's Political Elites Cheer for Islam
French villagers build wall around hotel migrant centre
North African man assaults Spanish border police while shouting “Allah Akbar”
UK ad Welsh nightlife: Twenty cases of sexual assault reported a week, many more remain unreported
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Government Vs Parents On Their Children
Far-Left Extremists Force Israeli Bookshop to Close in Berlin
Tommy Robinson &amp;amp; Kevin Carroll On Their Way To Portsmouth
The Spectator: how charity rescue boats exacerbate the refugee crisis
Mixed nationality Norwegians reach record numbers
No magic solution': Italy pushes plans to resettle migrants all over country
Nach 500 Jahren: Der Islam holt sich Spanien zurück
Turkey backtracks on terror financing charge against German companies
Swedish cyber security slip-up 'a complete failure': PM Stefan Löfven
Richard Dawkins Event Canceled Over Past Comments About Islam
Book Review -- Marta Petreu, An Infamous Past: E.M. Cioran and the Rise of Fascism in Romania
ON INNS, by Hilaire Belloc
You can’t get your hair cut online.
The Real History of The Crusades
The Strange Myopia of Douglas Murray
Caller Tells Nigel Farage He's No Longer Voting After How Government Has Handle Brexit
Why The Greek God Hermes Is A Perfect Symbol For Neomasculinity
Letter from England 1: Setting the Scene
Italy is facing a surge of migration across the Mediterranean
Migrant Sex Attacks in German State Double From Last Year
Deutschland ist der größte Hedgefonds der Welt
Grüne wollen Deutschkurs für Migranten ohne Asylchance
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Mass EU Immigration 2 Years After Brexit?
Islamist Migrant Set To Be Released From German Prison Despite Making Terror Threats
Sweden: 9-year-old street children rob people in Stockholm
The BIG Questions - Contraception &amp; Exporting 'Values' 2017
Theresa May Cucks To The City And The EU On Brexit -- The watering down of Brexit continues. Is the UK getting the worst of both worlds?
Germany must act now to stop re-run of refugee crisis, Merkel rival says
Sweden: 20-year-old arrested after rape at the city of Härnösand
The Real European Union Is Based On Christendom
'Stop, EU': Giant anti-migrant message ploughed into Italian field
Orban reinvigorates Western freedom and civilization in 2017 State of the Union
Czech war veteran from Italy: That country is ruined! Aggressive immigrants are everywhere
The Death of Europe in 29 Pictures
Nick Ferrari VS SALTY Jeremy Corbyn Supporter On LBC
Beata Szydło on Polish Judicial Reforms: “We Will Keep Our Promise”
Jewish council says anti-Semitism in Germany is increasing
Zurück zum Streit
Why did Polish president refuse to sign the bill to eradicate the pro-EU courts?
Driverless cars in Budapest
The Eighteenth Brumaire of Fritz Pendleton
Traglufthalle für Flüchtlinge wird geschlossen
Germany: Migrants avoiding deportation for being terrorists
Brexit: The Betrayal | United Kingdom's EU Referendum
Islamist Migrant Set To Be Released From German Prison Despite Making Terror Threats
Surging Anti-Semitism in Germany Sparks Cry for Help from Jews
UKIP Nigel Farage MEP - 'BREXIT Could See Brussels Rule Courts &amp; Borders'
Sweden: Dark-skinned man wanted in sexual assault of 17-year-old girl
Spain Brings 57 African Migrants to Europe
Poll: Popularity Tumbles for France's Macron
New measurement: SD now Sweden's largest party
Liberal Vince Cable Is Wanting A 2nd EU Referendum
German media failed to objectively report refugee crisis, sided with govt agenda – study
Donald Trump Advert SLAMS FAKE NEWS - The Crime so far is LEAKS Against Us
Michel Barnier Dodges A Question On ECJ Control
Drug Dealers Are Using Facebook As Their Black Market
Flash - Popularity tumbles for France's Macron: poll
Jacob Rees-Mogg &amp;amp; Jess Phillips Reviewing GE2017 Campaign-Fallout
UK: Muslim migrant who stormed church screaming “I will kill you and kill all the English” escapes deportation
Orbรกn: 'The question of the coming decades: Will Europe belong to Europeans?'
Viktor Orbán: “A Country That Cannot Defend Its Border is Not a Country”
Asylum seekers and foreigners massively overrepresented in German sex crime statistics
Poland's Senate Passes Reforms in Defiance of EU, Left Wing Protests
78% of Italians feel abandoned by EU over migrant crisis
Cars torched in Zedelgem
German Runaway Girl Who Converted to Islam Found in Iraq
PM Orbán: ‘The question of the coming decades: Will Europe belong to Europeans?’
The Hate Towards White Swedes (Eng Subs)
Islamic Plot to Kill the Pope in Fatima, Portugal Foiled
Population Growth in English Cities Fuelled Almost Entirely By Mass Immigration
Interpol circulates list of 173 suspected members of Isis suicide brigade | Agency believes the fighters could have been trained to bomb Europe as revenge for military defeats in Middle East
Anne Marie Waters UKIP Campaign - For Britain
The Ghosts of Empire
Parliament Report Admits Migrant Data ‘Woefully Inadequate’ and 'Flawed' Ahead of Brexit
Pierre de Villiers resigns amidst furor
“Big Tent” UK Independence Party Imploding
Efforts to Educate Migrants Stall as Just Three Per Cent Want to Try Learning
Sweden: Young Afghan refugees videotape gang rape of mentally handicapped man. Prosecutor didn’t seek deportation
New Amsterdam Law Criminalizes The Act Of Unsuccessfully Flirting With Women In Public
'Overwhelmed' German legal system is on the verge of 'collapse' because of migrants
Migrant Sex Attacks in German State Double From Last Year
Study: German Media Was Wholly "Uncritical" During Migrant Crisis
'I Want to Die for Allah’ Shouted Migrant Who Stabbed Police Officer
Dutch refugee org, ice cream brand launch campaign for asylum seekers in Europe
Convicted sex offender initially given suspended sentence jailed after 'coming to garda attention five times since May'
For Right-Wing Italian Youth, a Mission to Disrupt Migration
‘Mayor of Acid Attack Capital of Europe’ – British Journalist Savages London’s Khan
Germany Indicts 5 Suspects in Islamic State Recruitment Ring
The European Union Is Trying To FINE UKIP's Nigel Farage
'Women are being attacked every day': violence at small town festival reignites migration debate
Swedish Town Launched Gender Segregated Asylum Homes After Child Sex Abuse
Polish Government Slams Anti-Democratic Protests As Parliament Votes on Judicial Reform
Austria to Italy: Stop migrants reaching Europe
Polish Conservatives push for reform of justice
Henryk Broder on how the current migration is unique in the history of migration and how it helps the Do-gooders
Council Officials Delayed Investigating Labour Paedophile to Improve Party's Election Prospects
Growing number of potential Islamist terrorists in Germany: police chief
The Leaders of Europe have betrayed their public's trust and deserve severe punishment. Forced migration is criminal and violates sovereignty.
Merkel may win election, but lose her finance minister
Warum er Merkels Hand nicht wollte: Das sagt Donald Trump über Donald Trump
Sweden's water shortage: What you need to know
Studie bemängelt „unkritische“ Berichterstattung in Flüchtlingskrise
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Will UK Pay The Bill To Leave The EU
Brite bittet am Münchner Flughafen um Asyl
'Getting raped by Muslims is just part of a normal night out' - BBC Newsbeat
Report: Immigration Crisis Causing ‘Unprecedented’ Shift in Italy’s Demographics
"You Jew!" Becoming Common Insult In Berlin Schools As Antisemitism Rises
Jacob Rees-Mogg Gives Us An Update On The Government's Actions On BREXIT
Berlin Domestic Spy Chief: Left-Extremists Will Kill If Necessary
Group of Syrian Migrants Brutally Beat Man After Accusing Him of Being Homosexual
Bitter Eurocrats on Mission to 'Punish' Britain Will Damage EU, Warns Top German MEP
Germany says EU aid to Turkey could be halted over arrests
One in three Bavarians want independence from Germany, poll shows
93 Per Cent of Christians Say Their Faith is 'Marginalised' in UK
EU ‘Very Close’ To Imposing Unprecedented Sanctions Against Poland
Kokain für 800 Millionen Euro entdeckt
Muslim woman banned from wearing headscarf in German court
Non-EU citizens more likely to be economically inactive
Cem Özdemir: 'Erdogan wants to establish Turkey in Germany'
Eurozone crisis as Italy’s Five Star Movement DEMANDS referendum
Gerichte brechen offenbar unter Asylklagen zusammen
Lehrer verzweifeln an Flüchtlings-Willkommensklassen
African Asylum Seekers Marching Through Brügg
More girls at risk of genital mutilation in Germany - report
60,000 RUSSIANS MARCH TO REMEMBER THE MURDERED TSAR
EU threatens to remove Poland’s voting rights
Births to foreign-born mothers hit 28% in England and Wales
Andrew Neil Takes A SWIPE At Gary Lineker's BBC Salary
Today’s Historic Moment in Budapest
My Trip To Brighton, Britain's Most Liberal City
EU in crisis: Austria threatens to close border as Italy considers handing migrants visas
Muslim Imam In Wales Has Been JAILED For RAPE
Switzerland needs ruin its reputation fast lest it end up another France, Germany or, GULP, Sweden.
Are Salafists Taking Control Over Tatar Mosque In Warsaw?
Heavily pregnant woman has acid thrown over stomach
Orbán, Soros and Bibi
Outrage as BBC Forced to Reveal Salaries of Highest Paid 'Stars'
Jacob Rees-Mogg Joins UKIP Nigel Farage On His LBC Show
Improving Muslim Integration: Sending in the Clowns -- The surreal world of Sweden's new migration policy.
Law change will make it easier for refugee families to reunite in Ireland
Refugee rescue NGOs reject human trafficking charges
Just A Normal Day In 'Tolerant' Multicultural London
British author Douglas Murray says Europe is paying the price for Merkel’s "migrant madness"
Macron outshines Merkel as EU's top diplomat
England: Mothers Born Abroad Now Account for 28.2 Per Cent of Births
Pregnant mum helped steal guitars worth €6k by hiding them up her skirt
Michael Heseltine Says That The Bitter Tory Divide Will Bring Down The Government
Hannover: Moroccan Culture-Enricher on Trial for Raping 7-Months-Pregnant Woman
Jeremy Corbyn VS Theresa May - Prime Minister's Questions [19th July 2017]
Mütterrente: Milliardenstreit um das CSU-Wahlversprechen
UKIP Nigel Farage EXPOSING Facts On The Foreign Aid Budget
Shooting scare at German school near Stuttgart
Germany: Left Wing G20 Riots Caused up to $13.8 Million Insured Damage
Dogwalker Hospitalised After Attack By Somalian Migrant Who Said 'Dogs are Unclean'
Tommy Robinson Says That He Will Never Be SOFT On ISLAM
Resistance
Finland: Iraqi man to be deported for beating his sister, states it was due to ‘cultural reasons’
Germany: Man Wearing Cross Beaten by Migrant Gang
'Enormous rise' in girls threatened with genital mutilation in Germany: report
Databank: 45 percent of Dutch Jihadis are of Moroccan origin
Asylum Seekers Caught For Theft Almost Never Pay Fine
Suspect confesses to rape in Munich university toilet
Qatar, Saudi Arabia to Islamize One of Europe's Greatest Cathedrals
UK Regulator to Ban Adverts Depicting 'Gender Stereotypical' Roles
Dutch train conductors assaulted by passengers
Italy may issue temporary visas for migrants, in 'tug of war' with EU
Refugees, migrants clash with police on Greek island
Car ploughs into pedestrians in Sweden – man 'holding gas can' arrested
Islamic Plot to Kill the Pope in Fatima, Portugal Foiled
Population Growth in English Cities Fuelled Almost Entirely By Mass Immigration
Interpol circulates list of 173 suspected members of Isis suicide brigade | Agency believes the fighters could have been trained to bomb Europe as revenge for military defeats in Middle East
Anne Marie Waters UKIP Campaign - For Britain
The Ghosts of Empire
Parliament Report Admits Migrant Data ‘Woefully Inadequate’ and 'Flawed' Ahead of Brexit
Pierre de Villiers resigns amidst furor
“Big Tent” UK Independence Party Imploding
Efforts to Educate Migrants Stall as Just Three Per Cent Want to Try Learning
Sweden: Young Afghan refugees videotape gang rape of mentally handicapped man. Prosecutor didn’t seek deportation
New Amsterdam Law Criminalizes The Act Of Unsuccessfully Flirting With Women In Public
'Overwhelmed' German legal system is on the verge of 'collapse' because of migrants
Migrant Sex Attacks in German State Double From Last Year
Study: German Media Was Wholly "Uncritical" During Migrant Crisis
'I Want to Die for Allah’ Shouted Migrant Who Stabbed Police Officer
Dutch refugee org, ice cream brand launch campaign for asylum seekers in Europe
Convicted sex offender initially given suspended sentence jailed after 'coming to garda attention five times since May'
For Right-Wing Italian Youth, a Mission to Disrupt Migration
‘Mayor of Acid Attack Capital of Europe’ – British Journalist Savages London’s Khan
Germany Indicts 5 Suspects in Islamic State Recruitment Ring
The European Union Is Trying To FINE UKIP's Nigel Farage
'Women are being attacked every day': violence at small town festival reignites migration debate
Swedish Town Launched Gender Segregated Asylum Homes After Child Sex Abuse
Polish Government Slams Anti-Democratic Protests As Parliament Votes on Judicial Reform
Austria to Italy: Stop migrants reaching Europe
Polish Conservatives push for reform of justice
Henryk Broder on how the current migration is unique in the history of migration and how it helps the Do-gooders
Council Officials Delayed Investigating Labour Paedophile to Improve Party's Election Prospects
Growing number of potential Islamist terrorists in Germany: police chief
The Leaders of Europe have betrayed their public's trust and deserve severe punishment. Forced migration is criminal and violates sovereignty.
Merkel may win election, but lose her finance minister
Warum er Merkels Hand nicht wollte: Das sagt Donald Trump über Donald Trump
Sweden's water shortage: What you need to know
Studie bemängelt „unkritische“ Berichterstattung in Flüchtlingskrise
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Will UK Pay The Bill To Leave The EU
Brite bittet am Münchner Flughafen um Asyl
'Getting raped by Muslims is just part of a normal night out' - BBC Newsbeat
Report: Immigration Crisis Causing ‘Unprecedented’ Shift in Italy’s Demographics
"You Jew!" Becoming Common Insult In Berlin Schools As Antisemitism Rises
Jacob Rees-Mogg Gives Us An Update On The Government's Actions On BREXIT
Berlin Domestic Spy Chief: Left-Extremists Will Kill If Necessary
Group of Syrian Migrants Brutally Beat Man After Accusing Him of Being Homosexual
Bitter Eurocrats on Mission to 'Punish' Britain Will Damage EU, Warns Top German MEP
Germany says EU aid to Turkey could be halted over arrests
One in three Bavarians want independence from Germany, poll shows
93 Per Cent of Christians Say Their Faith is 'Marginalised' in UK
EU ‘Very Close’ To Imposing Unprecedented Sanctions Against Poland
Kokain für 800 Millionen Euro entdeckt
Muslim woman banned from wearing headscarf in German court
Non-EU citizens more likely to be economically inactive
Cem Özdemir: 'Erdogan wants to establish Turkey in Germany'
Eurozone crisis as Italy’s Five Star Movement DEMANDS referendum
Gerichte brechen offenbar unter Asylklagen zusammen
Lehrer verzweifeln an Flüchtlings-Willkommensklassen
African Asylum Seekers Marching Through Brügg
More girls at risk of genital mutilation in Germany - report
60,000 RUSSIANS MARCH TO REMEMBER THE MURDERED TSAR
EU threatens to remove Poland’s voting rights
Births to foreign-born mothers hit 28% in England and Wales
Andrew Neil Takes A SWIPE At Gary Lineker's BBC Salary
Today’s Historic Moment in Budapest
My Trip To Brighton, Britain's Most Liberal City
EU in crisis: Austria threatens to close border as Italy considers handing migrants visas
Muslim Imam In Wales Has Been JAILED For RAPE
Switzerland needs ruin its reputation fast lest it end up another France, Germany or, GULP, Sweden.
Are Salafists Taking Control Over Tatar Mosque In Warsaw?
Heavily pregnant woman has acid thrown over stomach
Orbán, Soros and Bibi
Outrage as BBC Forced to Reveal Salaries of Highest Paid 'Stars'
Jacob Rees-Mogg Joins UKIP Nigel Farage On His LBC Show
Improving Muslim Integration: Sending in the Clowns -- The surreal world of Sweden's new migration policy.
Law change will make it easier for refugee families to reunite in Ireland
Refugee rescue NGOs reject human trafficking charges
Just A Normal Day In 'Tolerant' Multicultural London
British author Douglas Murray says Europe is paying the price for Merkel’s "migrant madness"
Macron outshines Merkel as EU's top diplomat
England: Mothers Born Abroad Now Account for 28.2 Per Cent of Births
Pregnant mum helped steal guitars worth €6k by hiding them up her skirt
Michael Heseltine Says That The Bitter Tory Divide Will Bring Down The Government
Hannover: Moroccan Culture-Enricher on Trial for Raping 7-Months-Pregnant Woman
Jeremy Corbyn VS Theresa May - Prime Minister's Questions [19th July 2017]
Mütterrente: Milliardenstreit um das CSU-Wahlversprechen
UKIP Nigel Farage EXPOSING Facts On The Foreign Aid Budget
Shooting scare at German school near Stuttgart
Germany: Left Wing G20 Riots Caused up to $13.8 Million Insured Damage
Dogwalker Hospitalised After Attack By Somalian Migrant Who Said 'Dogs are Unclean'
Tommy Robinson Says That He Will Never Be SOFT On ISLAM
Resistance
Finland: Iraqi man to be deported for beating his sister, states it was due to ‘cultural reasons’
Germany: Man Wearing Cross Beaten by Migrant Gang
'Enormous rise' in girls threatened with genital mutilation in Germany: report
Databank: 45 percent of Dutch Jihadis are of Moroccan origin
Asylum Seekers Caught For Theft Almost Never Pay Fine
Suspect confesses to rape in Munich university toilet
Qatar, Saudi Arabia to Islamize One of Europe's Greatest Cathedrals
UK Regulator to Ban Adverts Depicting 'Gender Stereotypical' Roles
Dutch train conductors assaulted by passengers
Italy may issue temporary visas for migrants, in 'tug of war' with EU
Refugees, migrants clash with police on Greek island
Car ploughs into pedestrians in Sweden – man 'holding gas can' arrested
Youngsters in Dutch jail show Jihad flag
Immigrants apply for Chanceless Asylum to commit crimes
ISIS calls for terrorist attack at European Female Soccer Championship
Woman living in Sweden only 7 months, strangled by husband for no longer wearing veil, wanted divorce
Germany: Muslim migrant who slit his boss’s throat “had begun to speak more and more of Allah”
BBC Slammed for 'Using Proms to Fight Brexit' After Conductor Calls Voters 'Uneducated'
Sweden: After years of outright demonization media now less hostile to Sweden Democrats
Steven Woolfe MEP - 'Time to restart grass-root campaigning for Brexit.'
Mayor wants to force public prosecution to act against criminal asylum seekers
The Acid Attacks of London’s Muslim No-Go Zones
Police reports show 'chancer' asylum seeker crime: Telegraaf
Amsterdam Municipality Financed Lessons at Salafist Mosques
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC Show - Time To Drop The Foreign Aid Budget
16-Year-Old German Girl Who Ran Away to Join Islamic State Captured in Mosul
A Burka Ban in St. Gallen
Mayor of Italian town complains about migrants
Labour MPs MOCK The House After Blocking Debate On Hard-Left Thuggery
Watchdog Probes Evidence Students 'Double Voted' in Election to Boost Labour
Schengen farce: Greece admits it can't carry out security checks on everyone entering EU
More Migrant Riots Hit France
Defending Europe? Mediterranean mayhem as group prepares to block migrants from Libya
Financial Times: Schulz wants to pour money into infrastructure, Merkel says no
An American Nationalist's Observations on Sweden
New Poll Shows UK Voters Still Want Brexit, Favor Tougher Approach To Extremism
Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects refugee limit for Germany in TV interview
Jacob Rees-Mogg SLAMS Labour MPs For BLOCKING Hard-Left Abuse Debate
Migrant Crisis: EU Limits Sale of Inflatable Boats to Libya
Ireland Has Become the Poster Child for Globalism
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - A Split Tory Cabinet On BREXIT
UK: Islamic State supporter who mocked jihad victims has worked in numerous state schools
Britain Overwhelmingly Supports Brexit, Border Control, Finds Tony Blair's Pro-EU Think Tank
Australia Will Give The UK A Trade Deal As Soon As They Leave The EU
Germans could be a minority in Germany in just one generation
The EU is to curb sales of rubber boats to Libya to stop them getting to smugglers
Girl sexually assaulted by 'three Afghan asylum seekers' during riots at a German festival
UKIP Nigel Farage SLAMS Tony Blair For Interfering On BREXIT Talks
Migrants Travel to 'Soft Touch' Scotland for FGM, Midwife Sees 150 Cases a Year
Manchester as I saw it
Italy plots 'nuclear option' to migrant crisis by giving EU visas to 200,000 incomers and sending them north as the country struggles with 'human warehouse'
Based Chechen Man
What Is Russia Turning Into?
Young Gambian shines light on risks of perilous migrant routes
Owen Jones Having A Hissy Fit Over British Society &amp;amp; Grenfell Tower
Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects refugee limit for Germany in TV interview
[Academic] Think you're a unique thinker or just going along with the crowd? Have a go at this fun short survey for my dissertation and you could win one of 10 x £10 amazon vouchers (British, 18+, 5 mins)
Sweden: Woman (45) raped in forest by three men of “East African appearance”, aged 15-20
Jeder Zweite fühlt sich unterbezahlt
Gun Control, Knife Control, and, soon, Drain Cleaner Control in London
Paris Train Station Overwhelmed With Migrants
Labour's Diane Abbott MP Claims That Online Criticism Is 'Online Abuse'
Five terror plots foiled in recent weeks: Scotland Yard
Viennese Woman Assaulted by Somali — For Owning Dogs
Schulz geht in die Offensive: Kritik an Merkels Ausweich-Taktik
Sweden hires (more) clowns to 'better integration'
Sweden: Liberal Youth League Wants Legalized Necrophilia, Akesson Wants Nordfront Banned
(Denmark) Jihad teaching at private school: "... on the same page is a picture of a soldier armed with a rifle"
Telegraph: Top UK University to Swap Portraits of Bearded White Scholars with Wall of Diversity
Poland’s Most Powerful Politician Says No More Migrants
86% Of Sweden's "Child Refugee" Applicants Are Adults, Government Study Says
French Police, Army Rocked By Scores of Islamic Infiltrators
Tommy Robinson Tells Anthony Wayne Abel To Sort His Life Out!
Soros ‘undermines democratically elected governments’ and criticizing his agenda has nothing to do with anti-Semitism
UKIP Nigel Farage Makes A Mockery Out Of Labour's Ed Balls
Polish Left Calls for International Intervention to Stop the Actions of the Conservative Government in Poland
Islamic Terror in Europe: The Statistics
UKIP Nigel Farage On President Trump's Visit To France
UKIP Nigel Farage SLAMS Theresa May On Her 1st 100 Days As PM
Replacement Migration: Average IQ Scores Dropping Across Europe
Homosexual Couple Brutally Attacked in German Asylum Home
Muslim Brotherhood making inroads into eastern Germany
Italy Considering 'Nuclear Option' to Send Migrants Into Northern Europe
Garbiñe Muguruza Wins Wimbledon, Defeating Venus Williams
Star Teacher: Schools Are Subjecting Pupils to 'Left-Wing Brainwashing'
The Future Of Multicultural Europe: German City With The Most Immigrants Also Has The Most Crime
Are Germans Sick of Merkel Yet?
Flash - Quiet Italy hamlets struggle with migrant 'human warehouses' - France 24
UK Hasidic school faced with closure for not teaching LGBT
Overpopulation in Numbers
Violent Anarchists, Red Lawyers, and the Mayor of Hamburg
I've Worked with Refugees for Decades. Europe's Afghan Crime Wave Is Mind-Boggling.
Germany Braces For Hundreds Of Thousands More Refugees
How Berlin's Lebanese mafia clans work
More than 4,400 migrants set to arrive in Italy ports on Friday
Culture-Enricher Devastates a Church in Warsaw
The Guardian makes a propaganda video about Ballyhaunis - the town were councillors recently said social cohesion was under threat as a result of mass immigration.
German Special Police Forces Chief Says G20 Protests Were A Level Of Violence He'd Never Seen Before
As Migrant Crisis Intensifies, Italy Debates Citizenship Rights
Denmark Will Fund Contraception Aid for Africa to 'Limit Migration Pressure on Europe'
If Koran-Blocks Must Be Ubiquitous, Let Them Be Ugly
Swiss Daily: “Record Cold July In Greenland”…Alarmists “Struggling To Explain” As Arctic Island Cools
Retiring The Theory Of Pathological Altruism
How Berlin's Lebanese mafia clans work
'The mafia are invisible but almost everywhere in Germany', experts say
EU divided: East-West split deepens as eurocrats launch new lawsuits against member states
Poles would rather leave the EU than take in Muslim immigrants
Sweden intensifies crackdown on illegal immigrants
EU-Turkey deal fails to close migration route
German women work to pay the welfare of Turkish women who are out breeding them. Replacement in action.
Trumps peinliches Kompliment an Madame Macron
Are NGOs responsible for the migration crisis?
Youngsters in Dutch jail show Jihad flag
Immigrants apply for Chanceless Asylum to commit crimes
ISIS calls for terrorist attack at European Female Soccer Championship
Woman living in Sweden only 7 months, strangled by husband for no longer wearing veil, wanted divorce
Germany: Muslim migrant who slit his boss’s throat “had begun to speak more and more of Allah”
BBC Slammed for 'Using Proms to Fight Brexit' After Conductor Calls Voters 'Uneducated'
Sweden: After years of outright demonization media now less hostile to Sweden Democrats
Steven Woolfe MEP - 'Time to restart grass-root campaigning for Brexit.'
Mayor wants to force public prosecution to act against criminal asylum seekers
The Acid Attacks of London’s Muslim No-Go Zones
Police reports show 'chancer' asylum seeker crime: Telegraaf
Amsterdam Municipality Financed Lessons at Salafist Mosques
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC Show - Time To Drop The Foreign Aid Budget
16-Year-Old German Girl Who Ran Away to Join Islamic State Captured in Mosul
A Burka Ban in St. Gallen
Mayor of Italian town complains about migrants
Labour MPs MOCK The House After Blocking Debate On Hard-Left Thuggery
Watchdog Probes Evidence Students 'Double Voted' in Election to Boost Labour
Schengen farce: Greece admits it can't carry out security checks on everyone entering EU
More Migrant Riots Hit France
Defending Europe? Mediterranean mayhem as group prepares to block migrants from Libya
Financial Times: Schulz wants to pour money into infrastructure, Merkel says no
An American Nationalist's Observations on Sweden
New Poll Shows UK Voters Still Want Brexit, Favor Tougher Approach To Extremism
Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects refugee limit for Germany in TV interview
Jacob Rees-Mogg SLAMS Labour MPs For BLOCKING Hard-Left Abuse Debate
Migrant Crisis: EU Limits Sale of Inflatable Boats to Libya
Ireland Has Become the Poster Child for Globalism
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - A Split Tory Cabinet On BREXIT
UK: Islamic State supporter who mocked jihad victims has worked in numerous state schools
Britain Overwhelmingly Supports Brexit, Border Control, Finds Tony Blair's Pro-EU Think Tank
Australia Will Give The UK A Trade Deal As Soon As They Leave The EU
Germans could be a minority in Germany in just one generation
The EU is to curb sales of rubber boats to Libya to stop them getting to smugglers
Girl sexually assaulted by 'three Afghan asylum seekers' during riots at a German festival
UKIP Nigel Farage SLAMS Tony Blair For Interfering On BREXIT Talks
Migrants Travel to 'Soft Touch' Scotland for FGM, Midwife Sees 150 Cases a Year
Manchester as I saw it
Italy plots 'nuclear option' to migrant crisis by giving EU visas to 200,000 incomers and sending them north as the country struggles with 'human warehouse'
Based Chechen Man
What Is Russia Turning Into?
Young Gambian shines light on risks of perilous migrant routes
Owen Jones Having A Hissy Fit Over British Society &amp;amp; Grenfell Tower
Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects refugee limit for Germany in TV interview
[Academic] Think you're a unique thinker or just going along with the crowd? Have a go at this fun short survey for my dissertation and you could win one of 10 x £10 amazon vouchers (British, 18+, 5 mins)
Sweden: Woman (45) raped in forest by three men of “East African appearance”, aged 15-20
Jeder Zweite fühlt sich unterbezahlt
Gun Control, Knife Control, and, soon, Drain Cleaner Control in London
Paris Train Station Overwhelmed With Migrants
Labour's Diane Abbott MP Claims That Online Criticism Is 'Online Abuse'
Five terror plots foiled in recent weeks: Scotland Yard
Viennese Woman Assaulted by Somali — For Owning Dogs
Schulz geht in die Offensive: Kritik an Merkels Ausweich-Taktik
Sweden hires (more) clowns to 'better integration'
Sweden: Liberal Youth League Wants Legalized Necrophilia, Akesson Wants Nordfront Banned
(Denmark) Jihad teaching at private school: "... on the same page is a picture of a soldier armed with a rifle"
Telegraph: Top UK University to Swap Portraits of Bearded White Scholars with Wall of Diversity
Poland’s Most Powerful Politician Says No More Migrants
86% Of Sweden's "Child Refugee" Applicants Are Adults, Government Study Says
French Police, Army Rocked By Scores of Islamic Infiltrators
Tommy Robinson Tells Anthony Wayne Abel To Sort His Life Out!
Soros ‘undermines democratically elected governments’ and criticizing his agenda has nothing to do with anti-Semitism
UKIP Nigel Farage Makes A Mockery Out Of Labour's Ed Balls
Polish Left Calls for International Intervention to Stop the Actions of the Conservative Government in Poland
Islamic Terror in Europe: The Statistics
UKIP Nigel Farage On President Trump's Visit To France
UKIP Nigel Farage SLAMS Theresa May On Her 1st 100 Days As PM
Replacement Migration: Average IQ Scores Dropping Across Europe
Homosexual Couple Brutally Attacked in German Asylum Home
Muslim Brotherhood making inroads into eastern Germany
Italy Considering 'Nuclear Option' to Send Migrants Into Northern Europe
Garbiñe Muguruza Wins Wimbledon, Defeating Venus Williams
Star Teacher: Schools Are Subjecting Pupils to 'Left-Wing Brainwashing'
The Future Of Multicultural Europe: German City With The Most Immigrants Also Has The Most Crime
Are Germans Sick of Merkel Yet?
Flash - Quiet Italy hamlets struggle with migrant 'human warehouses' - France 24
UK Hasidic school faced with closure for not teaching LGBT
Overpopulation in Numbers
Violent Anarchists, Red Lawyers, and the Mayor of Hamburg
I've Worked with Refugees for Decades. Europe's Afghan Crime Wave Is Mind-Boggling.
Germany Braces For Hundreds Of Thousands More Refugees
How Berlin's Lebanese mafia clans work
More than 4,400 migrants set to arrive in Italy ports on Friday
Culture-Enricher Devastates a Church in Warsaw
The Guardian makes a propaganda video about Ballyhaunis - the town were councillors recently said social cohesion was under threat as a result of mass immigration.
German Special Police Forces Chief Says G20 Protests Were A Level Of Violence He'd Never Seen Before
As Migrant Crisis Intensifies, Italy Debates Citizenship Rights
Denmark Will Fund Contraception Aid for Africa to 'Limit Migration Pressure on Europe'
If Koran-Blocks Must Be Ubiquitous, Let Them Be Ugly
Swiss Daily: “Record Cold July In Greenland”…Alarmists “Struggling To Explain” As Arctic Island Cools
Retiring The Theory Of Pathological Altruism
How Berlin's Lebanese mafia clans work
'The mafia are invisible but almost everywhere in Germany', experts say
EU divided: East-West split deepens as eurocrats launch new lawsuits against member states
Poles would rather leave the EU than take in Muslim immigrants
Sweden intensifies crackdown on illegal immigrants
EU-Turkey deal fails to close migration route
German women work to pay the welfare of Turkish women who are out breeding them. Replacement in action.
Trumps peinliches Kompliment an Madame Macron
Are NGOs responsible for the migration crisis?
Dutch School Gave Muslim Pupils 500 Euros Compensation Because Class Photo Day Fell During Ramadan
BBC: "Denmark's Contraception Aid to Africa 'To Limit Migration'"
The Economist: Germany is not the new leader of the free world
Officials: Germany expecting up to 300,000 More Syrian, Iraqi migrants in 2017 through family reunification rules
Migrant crisis: EU to fund Libyan coastguard to combat people smuggling
Tube to change 'ladies and gentlemen' announcements - BBC News
Sweden To Stop Funding Organizations That Follow Trump’s ‘Gag Rule’ On Abortion
Sweden's Population Growth Second Highest in EU Due to Mass Migration
A Month of Islam and Multiculturalism in Germany: June 2017
Génération Identitaire: Defend Europe
How Merkel's Germany profits from Greek debt misery with £1 billion pocketed so far
Moscow and Beijing are piling money into foreign media operations and concentrating in particular on social media campaigns - Germany "stagnating" according to new study
We Can Do It! Throw Starving Old Ladies Into Prison, That Is
Italy draws up code of conduct for NGO migrant boat rescues
Hans Lysglimt Johansen – The Alliance: Nationalism and Free Speech in Norway
Fueled by Global Investors, Home Prices Go Nuts in Barcelona
Düsseldorf terror plot: Three in court over plan for 'IS' bloodbath
Britain's wide open to illegal migrants: Ports face huge security crisis says new report
Kaum Interesse: Keine Deutschkurse mehr für Flüchtlinge
Germany: Moroccan ‘asylum seeker’ rapes a 22 y/o woman heavily pregnant with twins, now stands trial
Leftists Slam ‘Special School’ for Undereducated Migrants as ‘Apartheid’
Germany: Court frees suspected 'Islamist' intelligence agent
Unusually cold summer in Moscow causing depression
‘Defend Europe’ Militia Sets Sail In The Mediterranean To Chase Migrants
Celebrating Russian pop-music
The Guardian Suspends Its Diversity Rules (Temporarily)
Against the Deceiving Prophets
'Syrian' Migrant Trafficked, Sexually Abused Underage Girls While on Bail for Raping Another Teen
Egyptian preacher says spreading Islam is 'mandatory' duty
Gays and Nationalists Face Off in Hungary During Budapest Pride
(Sweden) Botkyrka municipality acknowledges: We have thrown out Astrid Lindgren’s “racist” books
Douglas Murray’s new book, The Strange Death of Europe: Immigration, Identity, Islam is a terrifying tour de force of the Islamification of Europe.
Young Islamists have 'very scant' knowledge of Islam, study finds
“N-word” in the Woodpile: The Multicultural Language Minefield Blows Up Again
Emmanuel Macron: two speeches
Soros-Funded Militant Group Claims ‘German Contingent’ At G20 Protests
Sweden: Police attend to burning cars, get stoned by “young people” for their troubles
Police hunt man after sex attack on train heading to Blackburn
EXCLUSIVE--Polish Govt: Trump's Perceived 'Friendliness' With Russia No Concern After Warsaw Speech
Alleged teen terrorist in state care mentored by Salafist
Germany Expecting up to 300,000 More Syrian, Iraqi Migrants in 2017 Through Family Reunification Rules
Lehrer für eine Million zusätzliche Schüler gesucht
Shocking Dutch police video: “Man” smashes glass in woman’s face, authorities on the lookout
Viking Supermen
(Sweden) Umeå stands behind campaign to ban "racism"
UK: Refugees to Get Seven-Bed Home While 1,132 Wait on Council List
Berlin: Two Arrested Over Theft of One Million Dollar Solid Gold Canadian Coin
France: "Jihad by Court"
THE ENGLISH INN AND HOW TO CREATE A PIONEER LITTLE EUROPE
The Grenfell Tower Fire Would Not Have Happened Without EU And Climate Regulations
Muslims in Bulgaria Acting as Instruments of Turkish Islam as Erdogan Interferes in Bulgarian Elections
The Case for Continentalism
Report from Berlin: Islamist Sharia police openly terrorize migrants, forbid assimilation
Merkel-Gabriel spat: Could G20 chaos tear coalition apart?
Sweden is Still Totally Nuts -- Solution to migrant rapes? Ban all men
AP: Journalists Should Avoid Using Words ‘Pro-life,’ ‘Terrorist,’ or ‘Migrant’ In News Stories
EU naval mission has failed to end people smuggling - peers
Italians Say Government Committing 'Ethnic Replacement' - Poll
Facebook VP travels to Pakistan to assure government it will remove “anti-Islam” material
That WAYCIST Pippi Longstocking!
Sick Joke: Sweden Ranked Best Country To Be A Migrant
Macron: Africa Needs Fewer Children
G20: 500 Police Injured In Protests CNN Called 'Eclectic'
Dozens of migrants enter France with impunity through the Nice Train station
Sweden: 16 y/o girl raped by “four men”, Police calls it an “eventful weekend”
Victim of paedophile Imam who fled the UK warns other children could be in danger
Migrant crisis - EU faces new challenge as arrivals to Spain surge
EU Expansionism: Bloc Completes Association Deal with Ukraine
Sweden is the best country in the world to be an immigrant: study
‘Millions of Africans’ Will Flood Europe Unless It Acts Now, Warns European Chief
French Archbishop on ‘the Great Replacement’: ‘Muslims Calmly Tell You France Will Be Theirs One Day’
Islamic Face Veil Ban is Legal, Rules European Court
'Sanctuary City' Plan for Poland Fails as Opposition Party Clashes With Public Opinion
Austrian City Bans Pork in Kindergartens to Accommodate Muslim Children
Jihadist's bride given SUICIDE BELT as wedding gift
The Strange Death of Europe | Douglas Murray and Stefan Molyneux
#DefendEurope Mission Begins!
THE POTENTIAL FUTURE OF EUROPE
Matt Bracken: The Deep Pockets Behind the Migrant “Rescue” Industry
Son of Moroccan Preacher Admits Plotting to Attack Belgian Police
Muslim children who missed school photo for Eid awarded €500 compensation
Culture and Nationhood in the World of Herodotus: An Evolutionary Analysis, Part 3
What elections are coming up in European countries?
Man charged with murder by repeated stabbing at Danish asylum centre
Belgium's burqa ban does not violate human rights convention
Waking Up With Sam Harris #85 - Is this the End of Europe? (with Douglas Murray)
The Flame of Life
WHITES NEED NOT APPLY – 'Racist' Hiring Policy at ITV's 'Peston on Sunday' Political Programme
Playing the “Anti-Semite” Card Against Viktor Orbán
Insh’allah: A Peek Into Germany’s Future
PeterSweden on Twitter: "SWEDEN: 3 rapes in Värmland this weekend - including a gang rape with 4 attackers involved."
(Sweden) Dark-skinned men slammed the woman and tried to rape her
Amidst unprecedented terror threat, Dutch government hires untrained and inexperienced Airport security personnel
Swedish left-wing extremists were arrested in Hamburg
Greece: Huge fire breaks out in Lesbos refugee camp
Syria (top) vs Sweden (bottom)
Germany: Chechen Sharia Police Terrorize Berlin
Wer bestimmt, wer unser Nachbar wird?
Rural Swedes Having To Make ‘Home-Made Police Cruisers’, Start Citizen Patrols
Milan Airbnb Now Lets People Register To Take In Refugees
Dutch School Gave Muslim Pupils 500 Euros Compensation Because Class Photo Day Fell During Ramadan
BBC: "Denmark's Contraception Aid to Africa 'To Limit Migration'"
The Economist: Germany is not the new leader of the free world
Officials: Germany expecting up to 300,000 More Syrian, Iraqi migrants in 2017 through family reunification rules
Migrant crisis: EU to fund Libyan coastguard to combat people smuggling
Tube to change 'ladies and gentlemen' announcements - BBC News
Sweden To Stop Funding Organizations That Follow Trump’s ‘Gag Rule’ On Abortion
Sweden's Population Growth Second Highest in EU Due to Mass Migration
A Month of Islam and Multiculturalism in Germany: June 2017
Génération Identitaire: Defend Europe
How Merkel's Germany profits from Greek debt misery with £1 billion pocketed so far
Moscow and Beijing are piling money into foreign media operations and concentrating in particular on social media campaigns - Germany "stagnating" according to new study
We Can Do It! Throw Starving Old Ladies Into Prison, That Is
Italy draws up code of conduct for NGO migrant boat rescues
Hans Lysglimt Johansen – The Alliance: Nationalism and Free Speech in Norway
Fueled by Global Investors, Home Prices Go Nuts in Barcelona
Düsseldorf terror plot: Three in court over plan for 'IS' bloodbath
Britain's wide open to illegal migrants: Ports face huge security crisis says new report
Kaum Interesse: Keine Deutschkurse mehr für Flüchtlinge
Germany: Moroccan ‘asylum seeker’ rapes a 22 y/o woman heavily pregnant with twins, now stands trial
Leftists Slam ‘Special School’ for Undereducated Migrants as ‘Apartheid’
Germany: Court frees suspected 'Islamist' intelligence agent
Unusually cold summer in Moscow causing depression
‘Defend Europe’ Militia Sets Sail In The Mediterranean To Chase Migrants
Celebrating Russian pop-music
The Guardian Suspends Its Diversity Rules (Temporarily)
Against the Deceiving Prophets
'Syrian' Migrant Trafficked, Sexually Abused Underage Girls While on Bail for Raping Another Teen
Egyptian preacher says spreading Islam is 'mandatory' duty
Gays and Nationalists Face Off in Hungary During Budapest Pride
(Sweden) Botkyrka municipality acknowledges: We have thrown out Astrid Lindgren’s “racist” books
Douglas Murray’s new book, The Strange Death of Europe: Immigration, Identity, Islam is a terrifying tour de force of the Islamification of Europe.
Young Islamists have 'very scant' knowledge of Islam, study finds
“N-word” in the Woodpile: The Multicultural Language Minefield Blows Up Again
Emmanuel Macron: two speeches
Soros-Funded Militant Group Claims ‘German Contingent’ At G20 Protests
Sweden: Police attend to burning cars, get stoned by “young people” for their troubles
Police hunt man after sex attack on train heading to Blackburn
EXCLUSIVE--Polish Govt: Trump's Perceived 'Friendliness' With Russia No Concern After Warsaw Speech
Alleged teen terrorist in state care mentored by Salafist
Germany Expecting up to 300,000 More Syrian, Iraqi Migrants in 2017 Through Family Reunification Rules
Lehrer für eine Million zusätzliche Schüler gesucht
Shocking Dutch police video: “Man” smashes glass in woman’s face, authorities on the lookout
Viking Supermen
(Sweden) Umeå stands behind campaign to ban "racism"
UK: Refugees to Get Seven-Bed Home While 1,132 Wait on Council List
Berlin: Two Arrested Over Theft of One Million Dollar Solid Gold Canadian Coin
France: "Jihad by Court"
THE ENGLISH INN AND HOW TO CREATE A PIONEER LITTLE EUROPE
The Grenfell Tower Fire Would Not Have Happened Without EU And Climate Regulations
Muslims in Bulgaria Acting as Instruments of Turkish Islam as Erdogan Interferes in Bulgarian Elections
The Case for Continentalism
Report from Berlin: Islamist Sharia police openly terrorize migrants, forbid assimilation
Merkel-Gabriel spat: Could G20 chaos tear coalition apart?
Sweden is Still Totally Nuts -- Solution to migrant rapes? Ban all men
AP: Journalists Should Avoid Using Words ‘Pro-life,’ ‘Terrorist,’ or ‘Migrant’ In News Stories
EU naval mission has failed to end people smuggling - peers
Italians Say Government Committing 'Ethnic Replacement' - Poll
Facebook VP travels to Pakistan to assure government it will remove “anti-Islam” material
That WAYCIST Pippi Longstocking!
Sick Joke: Sweden Ranked Best Country To Be A Migrant
Macron: Africa Needs Fewer Children
G20: 500 Police Injured In Protests CNN Called 'Eclectic'
Dozens of migrants enter France with impunity through the Nice Train station
Sweden: 16 y/o girl raped by “four men”, Police calls it an “eventful weekend”
Victim of paedophile Imam who fled the UK warns other children could be in danger
Migrant crisis - EU faces new challenge as arrivals to Spain surge
EU Expansionism: Bloc Completes Association Deal with Ukraine
Sweden is the best country in the world to be an immigrant: study
‘Millions of Africans’ Will Flood Europe Unless It Acts Now, Warns European Chief
French Archbishop on ‘the Great Replacement’: ‘Muslims Calmly Tell You France Will Be Theirs One Day’
Islamic Face Veil Ban is Legal, Rules European Court
'Sanctuary City' Plan for Poland Fails as Opposition Party Clashes With Public Opinion
Austrian City Bans Pork in Kindergartens to Accommodate Muslim Children
Jihadist's bride given SUICIDE BELT as wedding gift
The Strange Death of Europe | Douglas Murray and Stefan Molyneux
#DefendEurope Mission Begins!
THE POTENTIAL FUTURE OF EUROPE
Matt Bracken: The Deep Pockets Behind the Migrant “Rescue” Industry
Son of Moroccan Preacher Admits Plotting to Attack Belgian Police
Muslim children who missed school photo for Eid awarded €500 compensation
Culture and Nationhood in the World of Herodotus: An Evolutionary Analysis, Part 3
What elections are coming up in European countries?
Man charged with murder by repeated stabbing at Danish asylum centre
Belgium's burqa ban does not violate human rights convention
Waking Up With Sam Harris #85 - Is this the End of Europe? (with Douglas Murray)
The Flame of Life
WHITES NEED NOT APPLY – 'Racist' Hiring Policy at ITV's 'Peston on Sunday' Political Programme
Playing the “Anti-Semite” Card Against Viktor Orbán
Insh’allah: A Peek Into Germany’s Future
PeterSweden on Twitter: "SWEDEN: 3 rapes in Värmland this weekend - including a gang rape with 4 attackers involved."
(Sweden) Dark-skinned men slammed the woman and tried to rape her
Amidst unprecedented terror threat, Dutch government hires untrained and inexperienced Airport security personnel
Swedish left-wing extremists were arrested in Hamburg
Greece: Huge fire breaks out in Lesbos refugee camp
Syria (top) vs Sweden (bottom)
Germany: Chechen Sharia Police Terrorize Berlin
Wer bestimmt, wer unser Nachbar wird?
Rural Swedes Having To Make ‘Home-Made Police Cruisers’, Start Citizen Patrols
Milan Airbnb Now Lets People Register To Take In Refugees
Orban: EU Following 'Soros Migrant Plans'
Europe's Mass Migration: The Leaders vs. the Public
DON'T FORGET: There Are 2.6 Million Ukrainian Refugees: "Humanitarian Superpower" Germany Accepted 150 Of Them
HUNGARIAN NATIONALISTS LAUNCH NEW PARTY AFTER JOBBIK LOSE THE PLOT
France: Realistic immigration figures
"France is no longer France" - Refugee crisis in EU
67% of Italians want migrants stopped while politicians scheme to let them in
Chechen Shariah 'Morality Police' in Germany
Afghan Family Attack Police Officers who Come to Deport Them
Syrian attacked two girls while on bail for raping teen
The maps and charts that explain how Europe's refugee crisis developed in 2016
New arrest in Manchester bombing as hunt for accomplices intensifies
Sweden’s Islamic rape epidemic: Almost half of the victims are children
Europe's Liberal Elite Outraged After Renzi Says Italy Has "No Moral Duty To Take In Migrants"
Spain Warned to 'Prepare' as Migrant Sea Landings Via 'Safer' Route Double
Migrant to Germany warns Germans about mass migration
Pro-refugee George Clooney moving family back to U.S. over fears England has become too unsafe with too many terrorists
Italy Issues Code of Conduct for Migrant Rescue Ships
Albanians Mass Migrate to Bulgaria for EU Passports, 'Gateway to England'
Culture and Nationhood in the World of Herodotus: An Evolutionary Analysis, Part 2
Italy Arrests Chechen Man Accused of Fighting for Islamic State
Poland's former president Lech Walesa, a democracy hero, has been hospitalized with heart problems in his Baltic coast home city of Gdansk, his son said Saturday.
Poles and Mohammedanism
More than 5,000 asylum seekers "missing" from Finnish reception centres
On Migration, Europe Is Admitting the Truth to Itself
Evil Merkel is destroying Germany
Hundreds more rapes in Sweden this year
My initial Dutch observations.
Archbishop of Strasbourg evokes the Great Replacement: "Muslims say to you, quite calmly, this will all be ours one day"
French police officer charged with helping jihadists join Isis
Germany or Syria Merkel,s mess
Migrant crisis: 'Hipster right’ group trying to stop rescue ships
France allows 100 terror suspects to own firearms
Far-Left Pope Francis Says America Has ‘A Distorted Vision of the World’
Man arrested at Liverpool John Lennon Airport in connection with Manchester Arena attack
Coastguard: 35 migrants feared drowned after boat sinks in Mediterranean
Probe launched into French President Emmanuel Macron’s lavish Las Vegas soiree
EU INFIGHTING: Former EU president blames Brussels' 'BAD ATTITUDE' on Brexit
Three Seas Initiative: Trump in Warsaw supports the project
Andrew Bolt DESTROYS Yassmin Abdel-Magied On Identity Politics
Suspected Islamic State fighter arrested in Italy
Man (33) caught dealing drugs avoids order to leave Ireland as judge says sale of drugs by rickshaw drivers now a 'common theme'
John Derbyshire: Thank You For Warsaw, Mr. President—And Especially For Mentioning Katyn Massacre
G20 summit protesters loot shops and torch cars as they clash with Hamburg cops on the second day of violent demonstrations
Culture and Nationhood in the World of Herodotus: An Evolutionary Analysis
German NGO ships race the Libyan Coast Guard to migrant boats, almost collide
President Trump &amp;amp; PM Theresa May Meeting On A UK-US Trade Deal
Eastern Europe Chooses to Keep Western Civilization
Putin doesn't look impressed with Merkel's new style.
'Millions of Africans' will flood Europe unless it acts now, warns European chief, as Paris evacuates huge migrant camp
Italy’s Renzi Urges End To “Do Gooder” Mentality On Migrant Influx
George Clooney fleeing Europe due to concerns over terrorism
TERROR MANHUNT: Attack 'IMMINENT' as suspects on run after Belgian police raids
Expert: Only Poland, Hungary, And Others With Common Sense Will Survive, The Rest Of Europe Is Toast
President Donald Trump Presents His Weekly Address [7/7/17]
Danish intelligence: Merkel’s and Sweden’s refugee policies are endangering Denmark
86 Per Cent of Recently Tested 'Underage' Migrants in Sweden Are Actually Adults
Rochdale cop says fears of being accused of racism led to police to shelving paedo ring investigations
Why migrants won’t solve Europe’s aging population and low birth rates
G20: Hamburg Shopkeepers Accuse Left-Extremists of Demanding 'Protection Money'
Paris Evacuates 1,500 Migrants as Arrivals Surge
Muslim migrant hairstylist hailed as a shining example of integration in Germany. Ten months later, he slits his boss's throat
Britons Are Getting Behind Jacob Rees-Mogg MP To Become Prime Minister
French police evict thousands of migrants camped in northern Paris
Austrian foreign minister: migrants should be sent back home after being rescued
The maps and charts that explain how Europe's refugee crisis developed in 2016
Video: The Great Replacement
„Merkel wäre die Erste, die die Rechnung bezahlt“
„Die Situation ist mittlerweile absolut unerträglich“
Stockholm waste collector strike continues as trash starts to pile up
The Oh-So-Familiar-Conflict of 1492
Sweden to ban alternative media
Majority of Poles Would Rather Leave EU than Be Forced to Take Muslim Migrants
BBC Butthurt of applause Trump got in Poland
Swedish soldier (from Sri Lanka) prevents Gang-Rape of Christian refugee; gets fired after critical Facebook post
Polish Crowd Chants ‘Donald Trump!’'USA! USA!'
Trump, in Poland, vows "the West will never, ever be broken"
'We don't need Germany - Trump is welcome!' Poland rolls out red carpet for US President
200 migrants brawl at distribution centre in Calais
Onlinemagazin on Twitter: "#Spain: After Islamic terror attack by a Moroccan armed with AK47 in #Gava. Two police officers injured. Attacker still volatile."
Dangerous extremists locked up in Britain's first 'Jihadi jail' to stop them radicalising other inmates
Immigrants exposed to liberal Dutch ways - World news - Europe
Germany's Quest for 'Liberal' Islam
Hunt for terror ring over 'fake police' plot
Simone Veil (1927 - 2017)
Bill Gates in HUGE borders U-turn: 'Brussels must make it HARDER for migrants to reach EU'
German Intel Agency Says Hundreds Of Jihadis Arrived Among Refugees
Moroccan failed asylum seeker jailed for three rapes
Mass immigration is diluting Australia’s skills base, "the skilled migration system is DESTROYING career prospects for local graduates" ....................... (This could be important for Europe as the same could be happening in Europe, tell your friends about it so everybody knows)
Two police officers injured after shooting in Spain
EUROPICA - FRONTIER-GUARD
For Europe and migrants, it looks like 2015 all over again
Kinderpornoplattform mit fast 90.000 Mitgliedern abgeschaltet
61 Prozent der Asylbewerber werden in erster Instanz anerkannt
Poland Prepares ‘Absolutely Huge’ Welcome for Trump
The Pyromaniacs’ Ball: The Grenfell Tower Disaster as a Metaphor for the West
Poland Prepares ‘Absolutely Huge’ Welcome for Trump
Trump Will Tell Europe To Follow Far-Right Poland’s Lead In ‘Major Speech’
‘Revenge motives’: Immigrant killed elderly Austrian couple over alleged far-right links, police say
Policy Disaster: Energy “Insulation Madness” Turns German Residential Buildings Into “Death Traps”!
Orban: EU Following 'Soros Migrant Plans'
Europe's Mass Migration: The Leaders vs. the Public
DON'T FORGET: There Are 2.6 Million Ukrainian Refugees: "Humanitarian Superpower" Germany Accepted 150 Of Them
HUNGARIAN NATIONALISTS LAUNCH NEW PARTY AFTER JOBBIK LOSE THE PLOT
France: Realistic immigration figures
"France is no longer France" - Refugee crisis in EU
67% of Italians want migrants stopped while politicians scheme to let them in
Chechen Shariah 'Morality Police' in Germany
Afghan Family Attack Police Officers who Come to Deport Them
Syrian attacked two girls while on bail for raping teen
The maps and charts that explain how Europe's refugee crisis developed in 2016
New arrest in Manchester bombing as hunt for accomplices intensifies
Sweden’s Islamic rape epidemic: Almost half of the victims are children
Europe's Liberal Elite Outraged After Renzi Says Italy Has "No Moral Duty To Take In Migrants"
Spain Warned to 'Prepare' as Migrant Sea Landings Via 'Safer' Route Double
Migrant to Germany warns Germans about mass migration
Pro-refugee George Clooney moving family back to U.S. over fears England has become too unsafe with too many terrorists
Italy Issues Code of Conduct for Migrant Rescue Ships
Albanians Mass Migrate to Bulgaria for EU Passports, 'Gateway to England'
Culture and Nationhood in the World of Herodotus: An Evolutionary Analysis, Part 2
Italy Arrests Chechen Man Accused of Fighting for Islamic State
Poland's former president Lech Walesa, a democracy hero, has been hospitalized with heart problems in his Baltic coast home city of Gdansk, his son said Saturday.
Poles and Mohammedanism
More than 5,000 asylum seekers "missing" from Finnish reception centres
On Migration, Europe Is Admitting the Truth to Itself
Evil Merkel is destroying Germany
Hundreds more rapes in Sweden this year
My initial Dutch observations.
Archbishop of Strasbourg evokes the Great Replacement: "Muslims say to you, quite calmly, this will all be ours one day"
French police officer charged with helping jihadists join Isis
Germany or Syria Merkel,s mess
Migrant crisis: 'Hipster right’ group trying to stop rescue ships
France allows 100 terror suspects to own firearms
Far-Left Pope Francis Says America Has ‘A Distorted Vision of the World’
Man arrested at Liverpool John Lennon Airport in connection with Manchester Arena attack
Coastguard: 35 migrants feared drowned after boat sinks in Mediterranean
Probe launched into French President Emmanuel Macron’s lavish Las Vegas soiree
EU INFIGHTING: Former EU president blames Brussels' 'BAD ATTITUDE' on Brexit
Three Seas Initiative: Trump in Warsaw supports the project
Andrew Bolt DESTROYS Yassmin Abdel-Magied On Identity Politics
Suspected Islamic State fighter arrested in Italy
Man (33) caught dealing drugs avoids order to leave Ireland as judge says sale of drugs by rickshaw drivers now a 'common theme'
John Derbyshire: Thank You For Warsaw, Mr. President—And Especially For Mentioning Katyn Massacre
G20 summit protesters loot shops and torch cars as they clash with Hamburg cops on the second day of violent demonstrations
Culture and Nationhood in the World of Herodotus: An Evolutionary Analysis
German NGO ships race the Libyan Coast Guard to migrant boats, almost collide
President Trump &amp;amp; PM Theresa May Meeting On A UK-US Trade Deal
Eastern Europe Chooses to Keep Western Civilization
Putin doesn't look impressed with Merkel's new style.
'Millions of Africans' will flood Europe unless it acts now, warns European chief, as Paris evacuates huge migrant camp
Italy’s Renzi Urges End To “Do Gooder” Mentality On Migrant Influx
George Clooney fleeing Europe due to concerns over terrorism
TERROR MANHUNT: Attack 'IMMINENT' as suspects on run after Belgian police raids
Expert: Only Poland, Hungary, And Others With Common Sense Will Survive, The Rest Of Europe Is Toast
President Donald Trump Presents His Weekly Address [7/7/17]
Danish intelligence: Merkel’s and Sweden’s refugee policies are endangering Denmark
86 Per Cent of Recently Tested 'Underage' Migrants in Sweden Are Actually Adults
Rochdale cop says fears of being accused of racism led to police to shelving paedo ring investigations
Why migrants won’t solve Europe’s aging population and low birth rates
G20: Hamburg Shopkeepers Accuse Left-Extremists of Demanding 'Protection Money'
Paris Evacuates 1,500 Migrants as Arrivals Surge
Muslim migrant hairstylist hailed as a shining example of integration in Germany. Ten months later, he slits his boss's throat
Britons Are Getting Behind Jacob Rees-Mogg MP To Become Prime Minister
French police evict thousands of migrants camped in northern Paris
Austrian foreign minister: migrants should be sent back home after being rescued
The maps and charts that explain how Europe's refugee crisis developed in 2016
Video: The Great Replacement
„Merkel wäre die Erste, die die Rechnung bezahlt“
„Die Situation ist mittlerweile absolut unerträglich“
Stockholm waste collector strike continues as trash starts to pile up
The Oh-So-Familiar-Conflict of 1492
Sweden to ban alternative media
Majority of Poles Would Rather Leave EU than Be Forced to Take Muslim Migrants
BBC Butthurt of applause Trump got in Poland
Swedish soldier (from Sri Lanka) prevents Gang-Rape of Christian refugee; gets fired after critical Facebook post
Polish Crowd Chants ‘Donald Trump!’'USA! USA!'
Trump, in Poland, vows "the West will never, ever be broken"
'We don't need Germany - Trump is welcome!' Poland rolls out red carpet for US President
200 migrants brawl at distribution centre in Calais
Onlinemagazin on Twitter: "#Spain: After Islamic terror attack by a Moroccan armed with AK47 in #Gava. Two police officers injured. Attacker still volatile."
Dangerous extremists locked up in Britain's first 'Jihadi jail' to stop them radicalising other inmates
Immigrants exposed to liberal Dutch ways - World news - Europe
Germany's Quest for 'Liberal' Islam
Hunt for terror ring over 'fake police' plot
Simone Veil (1927 - 2017)
Bill Gates in HUGE borders U-turn: 'Brussels must make it HARDER for migrants to reach EU'
German Intel Agency Says Hundreds Of Jihadis Arrived Among Refugees
Moroccan failed asylum seeker jailed for three rapes
Mass immigration is diluting Australia’s skills base, "the skilled migration system is DESTROYING career prospects for local graduates" ....................... (This could be important for Europe as the same could be happening in Europe, tell your friends about it so everybody knows)
Two police officers injured after shooting in Spain
EUROPICA - FRONTIER-GUARD
For Europe and migrants, it looks like 2015 all over again
Kinderpornoplattform mit fast 90.000 Mitgliedern abgeschaltet
61 Prozent der Asylbewerber werden in erster Instanz anerkannt
Poland Prepares ‘Absolutely Huge’ Welcome for Trump
The Pyromaniacs’ Ball: The Grenfell Tower Disaster as a Metaphor for the West
Poland Prepares ‘Absolutely Huge’ Welcome for Trump
Trump Will Tell Europe To Follow Far-Right Poland’s Lead In ‘Major Speech’
‘Revenge motives’: Immigrant killed elderly Austrian couple over alleged far-right links, police say
Policy Disaster: Energy “Insulation Madness” Turns German Residential Buildings Into “Death Traps”!
The Latest Trend in Denmark: Long-Distance Beheading?
Brexit Betrayal: Labour Pushing for Britain to Remain Subject to EU Court
New Study Concludes Europe Will Always Require 100% Back-Up By Conventional Energy
PICTURES: President Trump's Speech Receives Rapturous Reception in Poland
'Take migrants from Libya' EU tells countries
Rescued African migrants say they are fleeing slavery
Too many foreigners in France and Islam not compatible, majority of French say
60% believe Islam is incompatible with French society
German Police Discover Left-Wing Extremist "Weapons Cache" Ahead of G20
'We can't afford to be pro-EU' Italian MP warns Macron migrant crisis threatens whole bloc
Libyan Coast Guard Captain: “NGO’s are taxis for human traffickers”
UK: Jewish Chronicle enraged that Tommy Robinson held “secret meeting with Manchester Jews”
Jews say "Europe is ruined"
The Great Replacement
5000 New FGM Cases in England Last Year, Still No Prosecutions
EU should have power to TAX people directly: Euro-federalist calls for EU TAX on nations
This Region of Serbia Is Now a Recruiting Ground for Jihad Terrorists
5000 New FGM Cases in England Last Year, Still No Prosecutions
Nice terrorist came to Europe by George Soros sponsored NGO
Sweden to hold 'man-free' music festival
Jean-Claude Juncker criticises 'ridiculous' European Parliament
Violence Expected As Left Wing Extremists From Across Europe Travel To G20 Summit
London attacker Khuram Butt's sister sacked from Heathrow
Brexit Boom: Oxford Economics Predicts Britain Will Outperform France, Germany and the Enitre Eurozone
Special police units discover weapons during house raids in Anderlecht
The Land of Milk and Honey -- Alain de Benoist on why Americanism is opposed to European identity.
Aer Lingus worker charged with people smuggling at Dublin Airport further remanded in custody
Free Charlie Gard: President Trump Stands Up To Save Critically Ill British Baby From Murderous Cuck Islanders
Ukraine's President Poroshenko to send ex-PM Tymoshenko back to prison for plans to impeach him?
Diversity enrichment in London
95 Per Cent of Gang Criminals in Stockholm Have a Foreign Background
The Gradual Collapse of Sweden
U.N. “World Population Prospects 2017”–The Coming Sub-Saharan Tsunami, In Charts
The Brexit Precedent
Refugees frustrated and trapped in chilly Baltic states
Germany must brace for more attacks by radicalized Muslims: officials
Austria will "very soon" impose border checks and deploy soldiers on its frontier with Italy if the influx of migrants across the Mediterranean does not slow, Vienna's defence minister was quoted as saying.
Europe proves completely useless in helping Italy to solve migrant crisis frmr FM Frattini
Spain “skeptical” over Italian call for help in battling migration crisis
Germany must brace for more attacks by radicalized Muslims: officials
Poland has a moral right to say 'no' to migrants
Sweden: Muslim migrant gets month in prison for raping 13-year-old boy, won’t be deported
Germany: Far-right violence and Islamist threat on the rise
ANTI-JIHADISTS COULD TAKE OVER HOLLOWED-OUT HUSK OF UKIP
UK: Muslim gets life in prison (i.e. 16 1/2 years) for plotting jihad massacre at Elton John concert
DUDE OF THE WEEK - ENGLISHMAN STANDS UP TO FOREIGN HORDE
Swedish Music Festival Sees Another Series of Sex Assaults
#TheBetrayedGirls: An utterly predictable response
Kaczynski: EU Will Not 'Impose a Social Catastrophe' on Poland
Why the West Can't Unite Against Terrorism
Sweden home to 2,000 Islamist extremists
Six out of 10 Scots Have ‘No Religion’, National Church in Steep Decline
Terror suspect 'planned stabbing spree in Majorca'
Onlinemagazin on Twitter: "The usual in #Sicily! Italians want to work or at home, and the grateful migrants block the road. Demand: Galaxy s8, WiFi etc"
UK: Muslim who sprayed food with feces and urine can’t be deported
Migrants Are r-strategists - Rape Stats -
Germany: As one dual rape case enters court, a new rape happened last night
calais combat entre migrants le 01/07/2017
The Battle For The Mediterranean Rages On In Europe
Merkel’s Plan For Germany: Promote Immivasion, Suppress Free Speech – And Collect Bribe?
How Care4Calais charity boss fell for bogus refugee
Irish Pro-Life Rally Draws 70,000 in March Against Abortion
Migrants use fake IDs on the 'luxury route' to enter
Norway's Dhimmi-in-Chief
Polish MP: We do not invite immigrants to Europe, so we have moral right to say "NO"
Algerian who sprayed food with faeces still not deported
Europe's Migrant Crisis: Views from Central Europe -- "We are not going to take part in the madness of the Brussels elite."
Eight Injured After 'Masked Gunmen' Open Fire on Crowd Outside French Mosque
Migrants set up camp in Italy’s Ventimiglia after being denied entry to France (VIDEO)
Italy Threatens to Seize NGO Boats as Mediterranean Migrant Crisis Intensifies
Italy Threatens To Shut Ports To Migrant Ships
Courts Take Away Parents Rights to Treat Terminally Ill Child yet still give money to muslime rapefugees
Salford student union president calls for Islamic takeover
'Moderate' Muslim Stalks Then Threatens Tommy Robinson
President Trump DESTROYS The FAKE NEWS Liberal Media At Celebrate Freedom Rally
Romania: Police Detain 21 Iraqis Trying to Reach EU Schengen Zone
'Escalating Violence' in Calais After Clashes Between 100 African Migrants
Staged Video Shows ‘Refugee’ Fake Drowning
Over ten million: More foreigners living in Germany than ever before
Several rapes at Swedish festivals last night
Lesvos Receives 940 Migrants in June, a Record for 2017
Justice Minister urged to allow undocumented migrants in Ireland effective amnesty
David Lammy Complaining About The Grenfell Judge Being A White Male
UK: President of university Student Union says everyone should read Qur’an, calls for Islamic takeover of UK
Fishermen Suspect Tory Brexit Pledge Masks Betrayal on £6.3bn Fishing Zone
German elites are as stupid as other elites
Many European Banks Would Collapse Without Regulators’ Help: Fitch
12 Treasonous Polish mayors to import muslime rapefugees to destroy Poland
Jarosław Kaczyński on the EU Migrant Quota: “We have a completely moral right to say NO!”
Europe Invasion Update: Ships, Trips and Welfare
Mass migrant brawls and drug dealing blight small German town
A French farmer who nearly died at the hands of a knife-wielding jihadist, who was supposed to be under house arrest, has slammed “double standards” from the media and criminal justice system concerning his case.
Two arrested at Heathrow for 'preparing terrorist acts'
Google deep-sixes Jihad Watch
Is Czechia the World's Best Country?
The Myth of Moskvabad
Dutch police release statistics on asylum seeker crime
Not All
Delete Hate Speech or Pay Up, Germany Tells Social Media Companies
Austria: “17 y/o” Afghan migrant and “Austrian man” rape high school girl (18), both men now in custody
The Latest Trend in Denmark: Long-Distance Beheading?
Brexit Betrayal: Labour Pushing for Britain to Remain Subject to EU Court
New Study Concludes Europe Will Always Require 100% Back-Up By Conventional Energy
PICTURES: President Trump's Speech Receives Rapturous Reception in Poland
'Take migrants from Libya' EU tells countries
Rescued African migrants say they are fleeing slavery
Too many foreigners in France and Islam not compatible, majority of French say
60% believe Islam is incompatible with French society
German Police Discover Left-Wing Extremist "Weapons Cache" Ahead of G20
'We can't afford to be pro-EU' Italian MP warns Macron migrant crisis threatens whole bloc
Libyan Coast Guard Captain: “NGO’s are taxis for human traffickers”
UK: Jewish Chronicle enraged that Tommy Robinson held “secret meeting with Manchester Jews”
Jews say "Europe is ruined"
The Great Replacement
5000 New FGM Cases in England Last Year, Still No Prosecutions
EU should have power to TAX people directly: Euro-federalist calls for EU TAX on nations
This Region of Serbia Is Now a Recruiting Ground for Jihad Terrorists
5000 New FGM Cases in England Last Year, Still No Prosecutions
Nice terrorist came to Europe by George Soros sponsored NGO
Sweden to hold 'man-free' music festival
Jean-Claude Juncker criticises 'ridiculous' European Parliament
Violence Expected As Left Wing Extremists From Across Europe Travel To G20 Summit
London attacker Khuram Butt's sister sacked from Heathrow
Brexit Boom: Oxford Economics Predicts Britain Will Outperform France, Germany and the Enitre Eurozone
Special police units discover weapons during house raids in Anderlecht
The Land of Milk and Honey -- Alain de Benoist on why Americanism is opposed to European identity.
Aer Lingus worker charged with people smuggling at Dublin Airport further remanded in custody
Free Charlie Gard: President Trump Stands Up To Save Critically Ill British Baby From Murderous Cuck Islanders
Ukraine's President Poroshenko to send ex-PM Tymoshenko back to prison for plans to impeach him?
Diversity enrichment in London
95 Per Cent of Gang Criminals in Stockholm Have a Foreign Background
The Gradual Collapse of Sweden
U.N. “World Population Prospects 2017”–The Coming Sub-Saharan Tsunami, In Charts
The Brexit Precedent
Refugees frustrated and trapped in chilly Baltic states
Germany must brace for more attacks by radicalized Muslims: officials
Austria will "very soon" impose border checks and deploy soldiers on its frontier with Italy if the influx of migrants across the Mediterranean does not slow, Vienna's defence minister was quoted as saying.
Europe proves completely useless in helping Italy to solve migrant crisis frmr FM Frattini
Spain “skeptical” over Italian call for help in battling migration crisis
Germany must brace for more attacks by radicalized Muslims: officials
Poland has a moral right to say 'no' to migrants
Sweden: Muslim migrant gets month in prison for raping 13-year-old boy, won’t be deported
Germany: Far-right violence and Islamist threat on the rise
ANTI-JIHADISTS COULD TAKE OVER HOLLOWED-OUT HUSK OF UKIP
UK: Muslim gets life in prison (i.e. 16 1/2 years) for plotting jihad massacre at Elton John concert
DUDE OF THE WEEK - ENGLISHMAN STANDS UP TO FOREIGN HORDE
Swedish Music Festival Sees Another Series of Sex Assaults
#TheBetrayedGirls: An utterly predictable response
Kaczynski: EU Will Not 'Impose a Social Catastrophe' on Poland
Why the West Can't Unite Against Terrorism
Sweden home to 2,000 Islamist extremists
Six out of 10 Scots Have ‘No Religion’, National Church in Steep Decline
Terror suspect 'planned stabbing spree in Majorca'
Onlinemagazin on Twitter: "The usual in #Sicily! Italians want to work or at home, and the grateful migrants block the road. Demand: Galaxy s8, WiFi etc"
UK: Muslim who sprayed food with feces and urine can’t be deported
Migrants Are r-strategists - Rape Stats -
Germany: As one dual rape case enters court, a new rape happened last night
calais combat entre migrants le 01/07/2017
The Battle For The Mediterranean Rages On In Europe
Merkel’s Plan For Germany: Promote Immivasion, Suppress Free Speech – And Collect Bribe?
How Care4Calais charity boss fell for bogus refugee
Irish Pro-Life Rally Draws 70,000 in March Against Abortion
Migrants use fake IDs on the 'luxury route' to enter
Norway's Dhimmi-in-Chief
Polish MP: We do not invite immigrants to Europe, so we have moral right to say "NO"
Algerian who sprayed food with faeces still not deported
Europe's Migrant Crisis: Views from Central Europe -- "We are not going to take part in the madness of the Brussels elite."
Eight Injured After 'Masked Gunmen' Open Fire on Crowd Outside French Mosque
Migrants set up camp in Italy’s Ventimiglia after being denied entry to France (VIDEO)
Italy Threatens to Seize NGO Boats as Mediterranean Migrant Crisis Intensifies
Italy Threatens To Shut Ports To Migrant Ships
Courts Take Away Parents Rights to Treat Terminally Ill Child yet still give money to muslime rapefugees
Salford student union president calls for Islamic takeover
'Moderate' Muslim Stalks Then Threatens Tommy Robinson
President Trump DESTROYS The FAKE NEWS Liberal Media At Celebrate Freedom Rally
Romania: Police Detain 21 Iraqis Trying to Reach EU Schengen Zone
'Escalating Violence' in Calais After Clashes Between 100 African Migrants
Staged Video Shows ‘Refugee’ Fake Drowning
Over ten million: More foreigners living in Germany than ever before
Several rapes at Swedish festivals last night
Lesvos Receives 940 Migrants in June, a Record for 2017
Justice Minister urged to allow undocumented migrants in Ireland effective amnesty
David Lammy Complaining About The Grenfell Judge Being A White Male
UK: President of university Student Union says everyone should read Qur’an, calls for Islamic takeover of UK
Fishermen Suspect Tory Brexit Pledge Masks Betrayal on £6.3bn Fishing Zone
German elites are as stupid as other elites
Many European Banks Would Collapse Without Regulators’ Help: Fitch
12 Treasonous Polish mayors to import muslime rapefugees to destroy Poland
Jarosław Kaczyński on the EU Migrant Quota: “We have a completely moral right to say NO!”
Europe Invasion Update: Ships, Trips and Welfare
Mass migrant brawls and drug dealing blight small German town
A French farmer who nearly died at the hands of a knife-wielding jihadist, who was supposed to be under house arrest, has slammed “double standards” from the media and criminal justice system concerning his case.
Two arrested at Heathrow for 'preparing terrorist acts'
Google deep-sixes Jihad Watch
Is Czechia the World's Best Country?
The Myth of Moskvabad
Dutch police release statistics on asylum seeker crime
Not All
Delete Hate Speech or Pay Up, Germany Tells Social Media Companies
Austria: “17 y/o” Afghan migrant and “Austrian man” rape high school girl (18), both men now in custody
Denmark Considers Tougher Border Controls with Sweden
The report Dutch Police tried to hide: almost 10.000 refugees suspected of (organised) crimes in 2015 and 2016 alone
Migrants here to stay in Europe, now integrate them, OECD says
Melissa Mészáros – How Long Will Hungary Resist the Invasion?
The changing face of jihadism in Switzerland
Peter Hitchens Reads A Story On Capitalism / Communism In 1984
British Men Are Finished
The Corrupt Organization Behind #MoreThanARefugee
Germany — Land of Milk and Honey
Native Germans are now a minority in Frankfurt
Paris No-Go Zones where Muslim migrants terrorize women threaten its 2024 Olympics bid
Historian: Europe Has Learned Nothing from 2015, Next Migrant Crisis Only a Matter of Time
Belgium: Three men “of foreign origin” rape girl (18) on beach while making her male friend watch
Paris gets app warning people if they are in 'no-go' zone
We have a ship - Lets take it a'sea! - YouTube
Spanish ship docks in Salerno with 1,216 migrants on board
Standing ovation for Nigerian gang-rapist Ismahil Akinade on his return to Dublin's Bohemian FC
Italy Threatens to Close Seaports to NGO Migrant Delivery Boats as Crisis Intensifies
EU Commission’s demands for EU Citizens after Brexit clearly unacceptable
Frankfurt Becomes First German City Where Natives Are Minority
Retired 40-Year Veteran German Climatologist: “CO2 A Scapegoat” …IPCC “A Marketing Organization”
Well France voted for suicide: Paris Gets 'No-Go-Zone' Warning App
PVV Geert Wilders Speaking At Dutch Parliamentary Debate on Counterterrorism
Czech Republic Parliament Passes Constitutional Right to Bear Arms
‘Death Panel’: European Court Says Terminal Baby Must Die Despite Parents Funding Extra Care
We shall not let Soros have the last laugh
"We have a ship" -- "Let's save their precious brown lives. Then take then back to Africa!" It's smart for them to give this a humanitarian spin.
How Communists Overthrew Salazar's Regime In Portugal
Poland, the Land of Ukrainian Immigration
Czechs Writing Own Second Amendment to Combat Islamic Terror
Former UK Intel Official Says 23,000 Jihadists Admitted by MI5 'Is Probably the Tip of the Iceberg'
UK threatens to close Jewish school for not teaching LGBT agenda
Eurocrats trying to fill a £10 billion black hole in their finances insist their generous pay, pensions and perks must stay intact because their work is vital for the European Union to function as Britain leaves the bloc
Birmingham counter-terror arrest: Alleged 'spiritual leader' of Majorca-based cell is held
Truckers Terrorised by Calais Migrants Hit with Huge Fines When Vehicles Are Boarded
Airbnb Just Made Itself Even More Unpopular in Barcelona -- Organized criminals from Russia are subletting apartments to tourists, as locals struggle with soaring rents.
Dublin “con man” in ISIS link
CORBYN KING IN CUCKOO UK POLL
Owen Jones VS Asa Bennett Jones On Voting on Queen's Speech
Amnesty Won’t Comply with Hungary Law Regulating Foreign and Soros-Funded NGOs
Italy threatens to block foreign boats with migrants from ports
African Migrants Assault Women, Girls in Sweden
Judge gives “one last chance” to immigrant criminal with 34 previous convictions.
Paris Residents Unable to Sleep Through 'Intense' Overnight Mosque Loudspeaker Sessions
Hungary Poll: 99% want EU to have less control
Migrant crisis: Italy threatens to shut ports - BBC News
Europe taking in five times the number of migrants agreed from Turkey
Knife-wielding Migrant Attacks lead Government to declare no-go areas
'Knife Wands' to Be Handed to Every School in London
Surge in euroscepticism amongst British public
London: 2 men stabbed to death in less than 24 hours
London mother gave up child because family would kill her
PVV Geert Wilders DESTROYS The Dutch Prime Minister On ISLAM
"Managing" Diversity in Ireland
Video: Geert Wilders vs. Dutch Prime Minister Rutte on Islam
Wilders vs Dutch Prime Minister Rutte about Islam
Czechia wants to help the Libyan coast guard
Calais lorry drivers threatened by migrants with guns, knives and hammers
Polish Journalist On German TV - I Reckon There Will Be A Catastrophe
Italy: Mafia and Migrant Gangs Running Heroin and Prostitution Rings Together
CORBYN, SARGON AND GLASTONBURY
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - The Public Sector Pay Cap
Italian coastguards rescue over 8,000 migrants off Libyan coast in 48 hours
UKIP Nigel Farage On LBC - Only A Few Britons Feel 'European'
Italy Overwhelmed as 13,500 African Migrants Arrive in Past Two Days
A Month of Islam and Multiculturalism in Britain: May 2017
“Youths” assault Belgian policemen, one sent to hospital. None of the attackers arrested
Saxony Court Investigating Pro-Migrant NGO for People Smuggling
London Bridge terrorist got into Britain on false details
Sick ISIS militants celebrate Grenfell Tower tragedy
Poised next Czech PM: “We don’t want more Muslims than Czechs, and we don’t want the Euro”
Czech Election Favourite: 'If There Will Be More Muslims Than Belgians in Brussels, That’s Their Problem. We Have to Fight for What Our Ancestors Built Here.'
SKWIRCZYNSKI: The Case for Jacob Rees-Mogg
UN Migration Agency video: “migration is inevitable, necessary and desirable”, cites flawed report to refute critics
The Sovietisation of art in England
Google Fined Record 2.4 Billion Euros in EU Antitrust Case
Girl, 13, gang-raped by 'Moroccan youths' on Spanish beach in Alicante
Frenchwoman on trial for helping migrant lover smuggle into Britain
Auto Da Fé -- Car-fire jihad comes to Oslo.
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - SNP Doing A U-Turn On Independence Referendum
UN: “Migrants. 244 million are on the move. Migration is INEVITABLE. NECESSARY. DESIRABLE.” So lie back and think of England.
Still No Mass Emigration from Russia
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - SNP Doing A U-Turn On Independence Referendum
Nicola Sturgeon kills off Scottish independence dream after admitting she got it WRONG
Sweden's Daesh Defectors Enjoy Protected Identity, Yet Struggle With Jobs
Ukrainian Family Poses as Syrian Refugees to Get Asylum Status in Germany
EU should tackle refugees influx, not quotas, German minister says
Threatening letter left at Hague mosque: "Don't forget you're vulnerable too"
PM Theresa May's Q&amp;amp;A On European Council In House Of Commons
More than 30 migrant boats left Libya for Europe on Sunday
Hungarian Foreign Minister Accuses EU of Hypocrisy in Dealing With Migrant Issue
Owen Jones Challenged On If New Labour Is Dying?
Irish Navy Is Providing a Ferry Service For Migrants Into Europe - An Insane Policy
Shocking scale of migrant problem: One caught every 10 minutes sneaking into UK
13-year-old girl allegedly gang raped by teenagers during San Juan festival in southern Spain
8 UAE princesses convicted of human trafficking in Belgium
Number of migrants trapped on Aegean islands increases
Europe vs. Nigeria in population
Inside French Prisons, A Struggle To Combat Radicalization
EU will restrict visas for states not taking back migrants
Denmark Considers Tougher Border Controls with Sweden
The report Dutch Police tried to hide: almost 10.000 refugees suspected of (organised) crimes in 2015 and 2016 alone
Migrants here to stay in Europe, now integrate them, OECD says
Melissa Mészáros – How Long Will Hungary Resist the Invasion?
The changing face of jihadism in Switzerland
Peter Hitchens Reads A Story On Capitalism / Communism In 1984
British Men Are Finished
The Corrupt Organization Behind #MoreThanARefugee
Germany — Land of Milk and Honey
Native Germans are now a minority in Frankfurt
Paris No-Go Zones where Muslim migrants terrorize women threaten its 2024 Olympics bid
Historian: Europe Has Learned Nothing from 2015, Next Migrant Crisis Only a Matter of Time
Belgium: Three men “of foreign origin” rape girl (18) on beach while making her male friend watch
Paris gets app warning people if they are in 'no-go' zone
We have a ship - Lets take it a'sea! - YouTube
Spanish ship docks in Salerno with 1,216 migrants on board
Standing ovation for Nigerian gang-rapist Ismahil Akinade on his return to Dublin's Bohemian FC
Italy Threatens to Close Seaports to NGO Migrant Delivery Boats as Crisis Intensifies
EU Commission’s demands for EU Citizens after Brexit clearly unacceptable
Frankfurt Becomes First German City Where Natives Are Minority
Retired 40-Year Veteran German Climatologist: “CO2 A Scapegoat” …IPCC “A Marketing Organization”
Well France voted for suicide: Paris Gets 'No-Go-Zone' Warning App
PVV Geert Wilders Speaking At Dutch Parliamentary Debate on Counterterrorism
Czech Republic Parliament Passes Constitutional Right to Bear Arms
‘Death Panel’: European Court Says Terminal Baby Must Die Despite Parents Funding Extra Care
We shall not let Soros have the last laugh
"We have a ship" -- "Let's save their precious brown lives. Then take then back to Africa!" It's smart for them to give this a humanitarian spin.
How Communists Overthrew Salazar's Regime In Portugal
Poland, the Land of Ukrainian Immigration
Czechs Writing Own Second Amendment to Combat Islamic Terror
Former UK Intel Official Says 23,000 Jihadists Admitted by MI5 'Is Probably the Tip of the Iceberg'
UK threatens to close Jewish school for not teaching LGBT agenda
Eurocrats trying to fill a £10 billion black hole in their finances insist their generous pay, pensions and perks must stay intact because their work is vital for the European Union to function as Britain leaves the bloc
Birmingham counter-terror arrest: Alleged 'spiritual leader' of Majorca-based cell is held
Truckers Terrorised by Calais Migrants Hit with Huge Fines When Vehicles Are Boarded
Airbnb Just Made Itself Even More Unpopular in Barcelona -- Organized criminals from Russia are subletting apartments to tourists, as locals struggle with soaring rents.
Dublin “con man” in ISIS link
CORBYN KING IN CUCKOO UK POLL
Owen Jones VS Asa Bennett Jones On Voting on Queen's Speech
Amnesty Won’t Comply with Hungary Law Regulating Foreign and Soros-Funded NGOs
Italy threatens to block foreign boats with migrants from ports
African Migrants Assault Women, Girls in Sweden
Judge gives “one last chance” to immigrant criminal with 34 previous convictions.
Paris Residents Unable to Sleep Through 'Intense' Overnight Mosque Loudspeaker Sessions
Hungary Poll: 99% want EU to have less control
Migrant crisis: Italy threatens to shut ports - BBC News
Europe taking in five times the number of migrants agreed from Turkey
Knife-wielding Migrant Attacks lead Government to declare no-go areas
'Knife Wands' to Be Handed to Every School in London
Surge in euroscepticism amongst British public
London: 2 men stabbed to death in less than 24 hours
London mother gave up child because family would kill her
PVV Geert Wilders DESTROYS The Dutch Prime Minister On ISLAM
"Managing" Diversity in Ireland
Video: Geert Wilders vs. Dutch Prime Minister Rutte on Islam
Wilders vs Dutch Prime Minister Rutte about Islam
Czechia wants to help the Libyan coast guard
Calais lorry drivers threatened by migrants with guns, knives and hammers
Polish Journalist On German TV - I Reckon There Will Be A Catastrophe
Italy: Mafia and Migrant Gangs Running Heroin and Prostitution Rings Together
CORBYN, SARGON AND GLASTONBURY
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - The Public Sector Pay Cap
Italian coastguards rescue over 8,000 migrants off Libyan coast in 48 hours
UKIP Nigel Farage On LBC - Only A Few Britons Feel 'European'
Italy Overwhelmed as 13,500 African Migrants Arrive in Past Two Days
A Month of Islam and Multiculturalism in Britain: May 2017
“Youths” assault Belgian policemen, one sent to hospital. None of the attackers arrested
Saxony Court Investigating Pro-Migrant NGO for People Smuggling
London Bridge terrorist got into Britain on false details
Sick ISIS militants celebrate Grenfell Tower tragedy
Poised next Czech PM: “We don’t want more Muslims than Czechs, and we don’t want the Euro”
Czech Election Favourite: 'If There Will Be More Muslims Than Belgians in Brussels, That’s Their Problem. We Have to Fight for What Our Ancestors Built Here.'
SKWIRCZYNSKI: The Case for Jacob Rees-Mogg
UN Migration Agency video: “migration is inevitable, necessary and desirable”, cites flawed report to refute critics
The Sovietisation of art in England
Google Fined Record 2.4 Billion Euros in EU Antitrust Case
Girl, 13, gang-raped by 'Moroccan youths' on Spanish beach in Alicante
Frenchwoman on trial for helping migrant lover smuggle into Britain
Auto Da Fé -- Car-fire jihad comes to Oslo.
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - SNP Doing A U-Turn On Independence Referendum
UN: “Migrants. 244 million are on the move. Migration is INEVITABLE. NECESSARY. DESIRABLE.” So lie back and think of England.
Still No Mass Emigration from Russia
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - SNP Doing A U-Turn On Independence Referendum
Nicola Sturgeon kills off Scottish independence dream after admitting she got it WRONG
Sweden's Daesh Defectors Enjoy Protected Identity, Yet Struggle With Jobs
Ukrainian Family Poses as Syrian Refugees to Get Asylum Status in Germany
EU should tackle refugees influx, not quotas, German minister says
Threatening letter left at Hague mosque: "Don't forget you're vulnerable too"
PM Theresa May's Q&amp;amp;A On European Council In House Of Commons
More than 30 migrant boats left Libya for Europe on Sunday
Hungarian Foreign Minister Accuses EU of Hypocrisy in Dealing With Migrant Issue
Owen Jones Challenged On If New Labour Is Dying?
Irish Navy Is Providing a Ferry Service For Migrants Into Europe - An Insane Policy
Shocking scale of migrant problem: One caught every 10 minutes sneaking into UK
13-year-old girl allegedly gang raped by teenagers during San Juan festival in southern Spain
8 UAE princesses convicted of human trafficking in Belgium
Number of migrants trapped on Aegean islands increases
Europe vs. Nigeria in population
Inside French Prisons, A Struggle To Combat Radicalization
EU will restrict visas for states not taking back migrants
Italian police use tear gas on Sudanese migrants trying to enter France
Somali who won damages for botched UK deportation jailed weeks later for assaulting woman
Christian Preschoolers Banned from Saying 'Amen', Talking About the Bible
Reconquista of London Football Lads Alliance
Macron versus Visegrád -- Belgium, Brussels – Leaders of the V4 met with the new French President Emmanuel Macron. The meeting ended on a mixed note.
Migrants return to Calais, despite ‘inhuman’ conditions
Portugal vs. Angola
Belgian police confirms Ramadan causes increase in crime, say it's "a difficult time" for Muslims.
How immigration is changing the Swedish welfare state
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Theresa May &amp; EU Nationals In UK
The coming white flight in Europe
Former SAS Soldier Phil Campion Speaking To British Veterans
Report: Muslim Extremists Drive Anti-Semitic Violence in Europe
Strange death of Europe
VIDEO: Black Lives Matter Riots in London, Police Attacked, Fires Lit
The much-mooted deal between Theresa May’s Conservative Party and Arlene Foster’s Democratic Unionist Party has been signed at Downing Street.
The (more or less) Secret Networks of the West in Romania: Objectives, Channels and Results
German Police: Asylum Seekers Are Taking over Illegal Drug Trade
4 detained in raids linked to Brussels rail station attack
Sweden on the Brink of CIVIL WAR, National Police Chief: “HELP US, HELP US!”
The Netherlands have to be safe again
Polish MP Smokes BBC Host Over Poland's Decision Not To Take Immigrants
Tommy Robinson On TALKRadio - The Bias Interview With Piers Morgan
British Sikhs spreading awareness about all that's wrong with PC culture today.
Build bridges, not walls
Tommy Robinson Calls The Muslim Coach Driver Who Released The SMEAR Video
Prepare your anus
Beatrix v. Storch AfD warns Germany
Jacob Rees-Mogg MP On Peston - The BREXIT Negotiations - YouTube
Viktor Orbán: We Will Not Change Our Identity!
UKIP Peter Whittle Giving His Condolences To The Grenfell Tower Victims
Jacob Rees-Mogg MP On The BBC's Agenda Within BREXIT
Indigenous European Spirituality Encoded in the Folk Tradition
French Minister: We must end economic migration into Europe
Douglas Murray Interviewed By The National Review
Tommy Robinson &amp; 10,000 Football Fans United In London
Sweden To Include "Gender Identity" In Hate Crime Legislation
Blow for EU as Czech’s reject Eurozone entry: ‘Just 30% want it’
Delenda Est Londinium
Labour Jeremy Corbyn TRUMP-BASHING At Glasto-Platitudes
Spanish Coastguard Brings 224 Migrants Ashore
EU countries have fallen far short of their duty to an African economic development fund designed to help discourage mass migration to Europe, Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker charged Friday.
Meet the imam who is taking Google to task for their role in the spread of Islamophobia
Douglas Murray Argues That Europe Is Committing Suicide by Diversity
Macron: 'We Must Welcome Refugees Because It Is Our Tradition and Our Honor'
Europe Surrenders to Radical Islam
Majority of Paris attackers used migration routes to enter Europe, reveals Hungarian counter-terror chief
Douglas Murray - Europe on the Brink
British Parliament Hit By Primitive Hacking Attempt, Russian Tinfoil Goes Into Overdrive
Police in Chain-Mail Armor on the Streets of Germany
Swedish PM Wants to Force Priests To Marry Same Sex Couples
PVV Geert Wilders - Make The Netherlands SAFE Again!
Austria: Afghan migrant attempts to rape woman in broad daylight
EU Finally Admits Most "Refugees" Are Economic Migrants—Recommends Mass Deportation
Time to consider refugee protection in partnerships with third countries
New Calais hostel for immigrants wanting to get into UK scrapped
Will Poland reject any new Muslim immigrant?
Integration Policy Flopping in Germany
Jean-Claude Juncker &amp; Angela Merkel Acting SALTY During Brexit Talks
Sadiq Khan Backs Amnesty On Grenfell Tower Illegal Immigrants
Champs-Élysées Attacker May Have Been Plotting Attack At Eiffel Tower
Viktor Orbán Discusses Mass Immigration and Emmanuel Macron at the EU Summit
Shhh...EU leaders try to take migration feud off table, for now
Populist Party Leader: Move the Austrian Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem
Macron Accuses Anti Mass Migration Nations of 'Betraying' EU
Between rulers and ruled: Massive difference of opinion on the benefits of immigration
Suspected ISIS member 'screamed his head off' on Aer Lingus flight as he was deported
Polish Member of Parliament laid waste to a BBC host while discussing Europe’s refugee crisis.
The Truth About All Men Are Created Equal
France: Illegal immigrants blockade road with tree branches to stop trucks
Theresa May Says 3 Million EU Migrants Can Stay
France terror threat CAN’T be reduced as 690 French ISIS soldiers ‘coming home soon’
Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan Confronted Over Allowing Islamist Flags In London
A Mentally Disturbed Culture-Enriching Kidnapper in Lausanne
‘We will have millions of migrants’ EU chief calls for urgent solution on immigration
Architecture &amp; Morality: The Fall of Grenfell Tower
Sweden: Migrants Viciously Beat Disabled Man While Calling Him Racist
Sweden Passes Law To Be Carbon-Neutral By 2045, But Will Be 3rd World Country By 2030
The scale of the refugee crisis in Europe - data from 2012 to 2016
EU Greens Call for Brussels to Send 'Whole Villages' of Syrians to Eastern Europe
Brexit Means Brexit Documentary Featuring UKIP Nigel Farage
THREE ETHIOPIANS ON TRIAL FOR RAPING HUNGARIAN WOMAN IN GERMANY
ISIS terror suspect arrested in Madrid before Gay Pride
The UK population has seen its sharpest annual rise in nearly 70 years, with the nation expected to hit 70 million people and London 10 million residents within a decade, official figures revealed on Thursday.
Sweden investigates public library for blacklisting Roma and immigrants
50% of Brits think national identity under threat
European Establishment and Members of the Public Poles Apart on EU, Immigration, Islam, Confirms Study
Paul Weston: “June 18th, 2017 Marked the Beginning of the European Civil War”
Ukip Nigel Farage - PM Theresa May Has To Be Tough With BREXIT Negotiations
German deportations to Afghanistan to restart next week: reports
German deportations to Afghanistan to restart next week: reports
ISIS: Why Ramadan’s ‘Night of Power’ has Western authorities concerned
The New ‘Uncle Toms’: Islamists and Leftists Target Reformists and Ex-Muslims With Racial Epithet
ISIS urges attacks on Ramadan's Night of Power, Islam's holiest day
Danish “far-right” party has been driving immigration policy since 2001, so Denmark is a dystopia, right?
Germany's gas pact with Putin's Russia endangers Atlantic alliance
Italian police use tear gas on Sudanese migrants trying to enter France
Somali who won damages for botched UK deportation jailed weeks later for assaulting woman
Christian Preschoolers Banned from Saying 'Amen', Talking About the Bible
Reconquista of London Football Lads Alliance
Macron versus Visegrád -- Belgium, Brussels – Leaders of the V4 met with the new French President Emmanuel Macron. The meeting ended on a mixed note.
Migrants return to Calais, despite ‘inhuman’ conditions
Portugal vs. Angola
Belgian police confirms Ramadan causes increase in crime, say it's "a difficult time" for Muslims.
How immigration is changing the Swedish welfare state
UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC - Theresa May &amp; EU Nationals In UK
The coming white flight in Europe
Former SAS Soldier Phil Campion Speaking To British Veterans
Report: Muslim Extremists Drive Anti-Semitic Violence in Europe
Strange death of Europe
VIDEO: Black Lives Matter Riots in London, Police Attacked, Fires Lit
The much-mooted deal between Theresa May’s Conservative Party and Arlene Foster’s Democratic Unionist Party has been signed at Downing Street.
The (more or less) Secret Networks of the West in Romania: Objectives, Channels and Results
German Police: Asylum Seekers Are Taking over Illegal Drug Trade
4 detained in raids linked to Brussels rail station attack
Sweden on the Brink of CIVIL WAR, National Police Chief: “HELP US, HELP US!”
The Netherlands have to be safe again
Polish MP Smokes BBC Host Over Poland's Decision Not To Take Immigrants
Tommy Robinson On TALKRadio - The Bias Interview With Piers Morgan
British Sikhs spreading awareness about all that's wrong with PC culture today.
Build bridges, not walls
Tommy Robinson Calls The Muslim Coach Driver Who Released The SMEAR Video
Prepare your anus
Beatrix v. Storch AfD warns Germany
Jacob Rees-Mogg MP On Peston - The BREXIT Negotiations - YouTube
Viktor Orbán: We Will Not Change Our Identity!
UKIP Peter Whittle Giving His Condolences To The Grenfell Tower Victims
Jacob Rees-Mogg MP On The BBC's Agenda Within BREXIT
Indigenous European Spirituality Encoded in the Folk Tradition
French Minister: We must end economic migration into Europe
Douglas Murray Interviewed By The National Review
Tommy Robinson &amp; 10,000 Football Fans United In London
Sweden To Include "Gender Identity" In Hate Crime Legislation
Blow for EU as Czech’s reject Eurozone entry: ‘Just 30% want it’
Delenda Est Londinium
Labour Jeremy Corbyn TRUMP-BASHING At Glasto-Platitudes
Spanish Coastguard Brings 224 Migrants Ashore
EU countries have fallen far short of their duty to an African economic development fund designed to help discourage mass migration to Europe, Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker charged Friday.
Meet the imam who is taking Google to task for their role in the spread of Islamophobia
Douglas Murray Argues That Europe Is Committing Suicide by Diversity
Macron: 'We Must Welcome Refugees Because It Is Our Tradition and Our Honor'
Europe Surrenders to Radical Islam
Majority of Paris attackers used migration routes to enter Europe, reveals Hungarian counter-terror chief
Douglas Murray - Europe on the Brink
British Parliament Hit By Primitive Hacking Attempt, Russian Tinfoil Goes Into Overdrive
Police in Chain-Mail Armor on the Streets of Germany
Swedish PM Wants to Force Priests To Marry Same Sex Couples
PVV Geert Wilders - Make The Netherlands SAFE Again!
Austria: Afghan migrant attempts to rape woman in broad daylight
EU Finally Admits Most "Refugees" Are Economic Migrants—Recommends Mass Deportation
Time to consider refugee protection in partnerships with third countries
New Calais hostel for immigrants wanting to get into UK scrapped
Will Poland reject any new Muslim immigrant?
Integration Policy Flopping in Germany
Jean-Claude Juncker &amp; Angela Merkel Acting SALTY During Brexit Talks
Sadiq Khan Backs Amnesty On Grenfell Tower Illegal Immigrants
Champs-Élysées Attacker May Have Been Plotting Attack At Eiffel Tower
Viktor Orbán Discusses Mass Immigration and Emmanuel Macron at the EU Summit
Shhh...EU leaders try to take migration feud off table, for now
Populist Party Leader: Move the Austrian Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem
Macron Accuses Anti Mass Migration Nations of 'Betraying' EU
Between rulers and ruled: Massive difference of opinion on the benefits of immigration
Suspected ISIS member 'screamed his head off' on Aer Lingus flight as he was deported
Polish Member of Parliament laid waste to a BBC host while discussing Europe’s refugee crisis.
The Truth About All Men Are Created Equal
France: Illegal immigrants blockade road with tree branches to stop trucks
Theresa May Says 3 Million EU Migrants Can Stay
France terror threat CAN’T be reduced as 690 French ISIS soldiers ‘coming home soon’
Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan Confronted Over Allowing Islamist Flags In London
A Mentally Disturbed Culture-Enriching Kidnapper in Lausanne
‘We will have millions of migrants’ EU chief calls for urgent solution on immigration
Architecture &amp; Morality: The Fall of Grenfell Tower
Sweden: Migrants Viciously Beat Disabled Man While Calling Him Racist
Sweden Passes Law To Be Carbon-Neutral By 2045, But Will Be 3rd World Country By 2030
The scale of the refugee crisis in Europe - data from 2012 to 2016
EU Greens Call for Brussels to Send 'Whole Villages' of Syrians to Eastern Europe
Brexit Means Brexit Documentary Featuring UKIP Nigel Farage
THREE ETHIOPIANS ON TRIAL FOR RAPING HUNGARIAN WOMAN IN GERMANY
ISIS terror suspect arrested in Madrid before Gay Pride
The UK population has seen its sharpest annual rise in nearly 70 years, with the nation expected to hit 70 million people and London 10 million residents within a decade, official figures revealed on Thursday.
Sweden investigates public library for blacklisting Roma and immigrants
50% of Brits think national identity under threat
European Establishment and Members of the Public Poles Apart on EU, Immigration, Islam, Confirms Study
Paul Weston: “June 18th, 2017 Marked the Beginning of the European Civil War”
Ukip Nigel Farage - PM Theresa May Has To Be Tough With BREXIT Negotiations
German deportations to Afghanistan to restart next week: reports
German deportations to Afghanistan to restart next week: reports
ISIS: Why Ramadan’s ‘Night of Power’ has Western authorities concerned
The New ‘Uncle Toms’: Islamists and Leftists Target Reformists and Ex-Muslims With Racial Epithet
ISIS urges attacks on Ramadan's Night of Power, Islam's holiest day
Danish “far-right” party has been driving immigration policy since 2001, so Denmark is a dystopia, right?
Germany's gas pact with Putin's Russia endangers Atlantic alliance
Hamilton 68: A dashboard tracking Russian propaganda on twitter
U.S. Reportedly Intercepted Suspected Russian Agents' Chatter That Manafort Asked for Their Help With Clinton
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
Mueller investigation enters new phase
Collins: Trump 'can't set red lines' for Justice Department probe of Russia ties
Exclusive: FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
Welcome to Russia, sanctions!
Mueller's grand jury: What it means
Hunt for Trump dossier author inflames Russia probe
Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns
IT'S HAPPENING: Mueller Impanels Washington Grand Jury in Russia Probe
Russian collusion is worse than Watergate. Worse than Iran-Contra. Worse than Lewinsky.
Attention, conservatives: the Russians are not on your side. The third-most popular hashtag being pushed by their botnet right now is #firehannity. Why? Because they know that the firing of Hannity will sow discord and promote their narrative that the "deep state" secretly controls things.
Former CIA Director Calls For A Coup If Trump Fires Mueller
Investigators want phone records related to Trump Jr. Russia meeting
To anyone who still thinks Russia-Lago is a nothingburger: federal grand juries indict 99.99 percent of the time. But hey, you just tell yourselves that Mueller's gunning for Manafort and Kushner, not Trump.
AP: Senators To Introduce Bill To Protect Robert Mueller
Picture of Trump signing Russian Sanctions bill.
Who is Glenn Simpson, man entangled in two Russia scandals?
One year into the FBI's Russia investigation, Mueller is on the Trump money trail
Reporter says ‘Russian propaganda outlet’ pushed him to cover conspiracy theory at the center of a White House lawsuit
PUPPET: Trump signs veto-proof Russia sanctions bill, but adds a signing statement complaining about it
Rex Tillerson rejects $80 million from Congress to fight Russian propaganda because it would anger Moscow.
Dmitry Medvedev insults Trump administration on Twitter
Oh, Wait. Maybe It Was Collusion.
Russiagate: The Depth of Collusion - Center for American Progress Action
Bombshell: Trump conspired with Fox News to create the retracted Seth Rich story, in order to distract from the Comey firing
Jared Kushner says administration too inept to collude with Russia
Tracking Russian Disinformation on Twitter
Robert Mueller enlists former DOJ official who worked on foreign bribery cases: Report
Breaking: Trump himself made up Don Jr's lies about the Trump Tower meeting
Rex Tillerson: Trump not very happy about Russia sanctions bill
Opinion | President Trump is now directly implicated in trying to cover up the Russia scanda
Trump, Scaramucci distract from ‘most important,' chilling Senate hearing
Lawsuit: Fox News concocted Seth Rich story with oversight from White House
Analysis | Trump’s lawyer repeatedly denied Trump was involved in Trump Jr.’s statement. But he was
RNC tells staff not to delete or alter any documents related to 2016 campaign
A GOP Staffer Crowdsourced a Resolution From a Conspiracy Subreddit
High-Profile Russian Death In Washington Was No Accident—it Was Murder, Officials Say
Sen. King: If Trump fires Mueller, Congress would pass veto-proof special prosecutor statute
Russia probe could reveal Trump's closest-held secrets
Donald Trump Asked For Russian Help In The Election 1 Year Ago Today
Graham, Booker writing bill to prevent Trump from firing special counsel
The Russian government “no doubt” orchestrated that Trump Jr. meeting, Bill Browder testifies
Read the Full Text of Bill Browder's Testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee
Trump Jr.'s meeting with Russian lawyer was about sanctions, financier tells Senate panel
Browder: Trump Tower Russia Meeting Part of Kremlin-backed Campaign to Repeal Magnitsky Act
Bowder just gave testimony he has no evidence of Russia paying for fusion gps's steele dossier
This Is How the Russian Kleptocracy Operates: It can tell us something about what may have happened during the 2016 campaign
Donald Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting was allegedly about the Magnitsky Act. What is the Magnitsky Act?
Trump's top Middle East aide ousted
Two Notorious 'Alt-Right' Figures May Play Key Roles in Russia Investigation
House approves new Russia sanctions, defying Trump
GOP Researcher Who Sought Clinton Emails Had Alt-Right Help
Analysis | The Daily 202: Trump's pick to run DOJ criminal division worked for Russia bank
Classy as a snake in mud, and the Russians know it too.
Ivanka Trump retains defense lawyer for Russia investigation
Uh oh, Donald: Manafort may have struck a deal, and has NOTES of the Trump Tower meeting.
Russia Hacking
Jared Kushner sealed real estate deal with oligarch's firm cited in money-laundering case
Putin told Trump that Russian hackers were too good to get caught: report
Opinion | Jared Kushner just threw Donald Trump Jr. under the bus. Bigly.
[Discussion] If Trump passes the Russian sanctions bill, Putin still probably wouldn't release any tapes.
Starr Office Memo Argues that a Sitting President May Be Indicted
"Pardon our Russian, but Trump is focked." Why pardons are risky for bad hombre presidents...
Donald Trump says 'US President has complete power to pardon' as Russia investigation pressure mounts
Opinion | No, Trump can't pardon himself. The Constitution tells us so.
Intelligence director says agencies agree on Russian meddling
The Resistance Is Already Planning for When Trump Fires Mueller
Sen. Collins warns Trump not to interfere in special counsel's probe into Russian election meddling
Jill Stein looped into widening investigation of Russia and Trump Jr. connections
Lawmakers from both parties warn Trump not to mess with Mueller
In midst of Russia probe, NSA chief vows: 'I will not violate' my oath to Americans
House is going to vote on more Russian sanctions by veto-proof margins. It will be interesting to see if Trump attempts to veto it anyway.
Trump Is Setting The Stage To Fire Mueller
Following the money trail of corruption in Russia. Primary Sources and How To.
We’re on the Brink of an Authoritarian Crisis
Sessions discussed Trump campaign-related matters with Russian ambassador, U.S. intelligence intercepts show
In case there are any lingering doubts: Senate Republicans have concluded that Devin Nunes' unmasking accusations were a fabrication. Enjoy your obstruction charges, Devin. Hope it was worth it.
Sean Spicer resigns as White House Press Secretary
Moscow lawyer who met Trump Jr. had Russian spy agency as client
lol Richard Burr - "The unmasking thing was all created by Devin Nunes"
Michael Flynn needs crowdfunding for legal fees, SAD!
Trump’s personal lawyer resigns from top post amid legal team shakeup
Russia's foreign minister jokes there may have been more meetings between Trump and Putin
Trump’s lawyers explore pardons, seek to undercut Mueller’s Russia investigation
How was the Steele dossier not the political end for Trump?
Trump is asking his lawyers about his power to pardon aides, family members, and even himself
Mueller Expands Probe to Trump Business Transactions
NYT: Manafort Owed Pro-Russia Interests Millions Before Joining Trump Team
Trump, Wednesday night: "Mueller had better not investigate my businesses." Mueller, Thursday morning: "I'm investigating your businesses."
Analysis | Trump has now attacked basically everyone in charge of the Russia investigation
Unravelling President Donald J. Trump’s rumored Russian and NYC mob ties – key players, organizations, and shell companies spin a delicate web of deceit
Trump warns Mueller against investigating his family's finances beyond Russia probe
Deutsche Bank expects subpoenas over Trump-Russia investigation
Special Counsel Investigating Possible Money Laundering by Paul Manafort
Deutsche Bank Is Turning Over Information on Trump
Trump Counterterrorism Adviser Says Russia Did Meddle In US 2016 Presidential Election
Trump's own national security and foreign policy teams are concerned by the breach of protocol in his second meeting with Putin. I guess they're disturbed by the fact that Trump wanted to make sure no other Americans were present.
Analysis | There are no notes on Trump’s meeting with Putin. That’s a big deal.
Trump ends covert CIA program to arm anti-Assad rebels in Syria, a move sought by Moscow
Hamilton 68: A dashboard tracking Russian propaganda on twitter
U.S. Reportedly Intercepted Suspected Russian Agents' Chatter That Manafort Asked for Their Help With Clinton
White House as crime scene: how Robert Mueller is closing in on Trump
Mueller investigation enters new phase
Collins: Trump 'can't set red lines' for Justice Department probe of Russia ties
Exclusive: FBI tracked 'fake news' believed to be from Russia on Election Day
Welcome to Russia, sanctions!
Mueller's grand jury: What it means
Hunt for Trump dossier author inflames Russia probe
Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns
IT'S HAPPENING: Mueller Impanels Washington Grand Jury in Russia Probe
Russian collusion is worse than Watergate. Worse than Iran-Contra. Worse than Lewinsky.
Attention, conservatives: the Russians are not on your side. The third-most popular hashtag being pushed by their botnet right now is #firehannity. Why? Because they know that the firing of Hannity will sow discord and promote their narrative that the "deep state" secretly controls things.
Former CIA Director Calls For A Coup If Trump Fires Mueller
Investigators want phone records related to Trump Jr. Russia meeting
To anyone who still thinks Russia-Lago is a nothingburger: federal grand juries indict 99.99 percent of the time. But hey, you just tell yourselves that Mueller's gunning for Manafort and Kushner, not Trump.
AP: Senators To Introduce Bill To Protect Robert Mueller
Picture of Trump signing Russian Sanctions bill.
Who is Glenn Simpson, man entangled in two Russia scandals?
One year into the FBI's Russia investigation, Mueller is on the Trump money trail
Reporter says ‘Russian propaganda outlet’ pushed him to cover conspiracy theory at the center of a White House lawsuit
PUPPET: Trump signs veto-proof Russia sanctions bill, but adds a signing statement complaining about it
Rex Tillerson rejects $80 million from Congress to fight Russian propaganda because it would anger Moscow.
Dmitry Medvedev insults Trump administration on Twitter
Oh, Wait. Maybe It Was Collusion.
Russiagate: The Depth of Collusion - Center for American Progress Action
Bombshell: Trump conspired with Fox News to create the retracted Seth Rich story, in order to distract from the Comey firing
Jared Kushner says administration too inept to collude with Russia
Tracking Russian Disinformation on Twitter
Robert Mueller enlists former DOJ official who worked on foreign bribery cases: Report
Breaking: Trump himself made up Don Jr's lies about the Trump Tower meeting
Rex Tillerson: Trump not very happy about Russia sanctions bill
Opinion | President Trump is now directly implicated in trying to cover up the Russia scanda
Trump, Scaramucci distract from ‘most important,' chilling Senate hearing
Lawsuit: Fox News concocted Seth Rich story with oversight from White House
Analysis | Trump’s lawyer repeatedly denied Trump was involved in Trump Jr.’s statement. But he was
RNC tells staff not to delete or alter any documents related to 2016 campaign
A GOP Staffer Crowdsourced a Resolution From a Conspiracy Subreddit
High-Profile Russian Death In Washington Was No Accident—it Was Murder, Officials Say
Sen. King: If Trump fires Mueller, Congress would pass veto-proof special prosecutor statute
Russia probe could reveal Trump's closest-held secrets
Donald Trump Asked For Russian Help In The Election 1 Year Ago Today
Graham, Booker writing bill to prevent Trump from firing special counsel
The Russian government “no doubt” orchestrated that Trump Jr. meeting, Bill Browder testifies
Read the Full Text of Bill Browder's Testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee
Trump Jr.'s meeting with Russian lawyer was about sanctions, financier tells Senate panel
Browder: Trump Tower Russia Meeting Part of Kremlin-backed Campaign to Repeal Magnitsky Act
Bowder just gave testimony he has no evidence of Russia paying for fusion gps's steele dossier
This Is How the Russian Kleptocracy Operates: It can tell us something about what may have happened during the 2016 campaign
Donald Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting was allegedly about the Magnitsky Act. What is the Magnitsky Act?
Trump's top Middle East aide ousted
Two Notorious 'Alt-Right' Figures May Play Key Roles in Russia Investigation
House approves new Russia sanctions, defying Trump
GOP Researcher Who Sought Clinton Emails Had Alt-Right Help
Analysis | The Daily 202: Trump's pick to run DOJ criminal division worked for Russia bank
Classy as a snake in mud, and the Russians know it too.
Ivanka Trump retains defense lawyer for Russia investigation
Uh oh, Donald: Manafort may have struck a deal, and has NOTES of the Trump Tower meeting.
Russia Hacking
Jared Kushner sealed real estate deal with oligarch's firm cited in money-laundering case
Putin told Trump that Russian hackers were too good to get caught: report
Opinion | Jared Kushner just threw Donald Trump Jr. under the bus. Bigly.
[Discussion] If Trump passes the Russian sanctions bill, Putin still probably wouldn't release any tapes.
Starr Office Memo Argues that a Sitting President May Be Indicted
"Pardon our Russian, but Trump is focked." Why pardons are risky for bad hombre presidents...
Donald Trump says 'US President has complete power to pardon' as Russia investigation pressure mounts
Opinion | No, Trump can't pardon himself. The Constitution tells us so.
Intelligence director says agencies agree on Russian meddling
The Resistance Is Already Planning for When Trump Fires Mueller
Sen. Collins warns Trump not to interfere in special counsel's probe into Russian election meddling
Jill Stein looped into widening investigation of Russia and Trump Jr. connections
Lawmakers from both parties warn Trump not to mess with Mueller
In midst of Russia probe, NSA chief vows: 'I will not violate' my oath to Americans
House is going to vote on more Russian sanctions by veto-proof margins. It will be interesting to see if Trump attempts to veto it anyway.
Trump Is Setting The Stage To Fire Mueller
Following the money trail of corruption in Russia. Primary Sources and How To.
We’re on the Brink of an Authoritarian Crisis
Sessions discussed Trump campaign-related matters with Russian ambassador, U.S. intelligence intercepts show
In case there are any lingering doubts: Senate Republicans have concluded that Devin Nunes' unmasking accusations were a fabrication. Enjoy your obstruction charges, Devin. Hope it was worth it.
Sean Spicer resigns as White House Press Secretary
Moscow lawyer who met Trump Jr. had Russian spy agency as client
lol Richard Burr - "The unmasking thing was all created by Devin Nunes"
Michael Flynn needs crowdfunding for legal fees, SAD!
Trump’s personal lawyer resigns from top post amid legal team shakeup
Russia's foreign minister jokes there may have been more meetings between Trump and Putin
Trump’s lawyers explore pardons, seek to undercut Mueller’s Russia investigation
How was the Steele dossier not the political end for Trump?
Trump is asking his lawyers about his power to pardon aides, family members, and even himself
Mueller Expands Probe to Trump Business Transactions
NYT: Manafort Owed Pro-Russia Interests Millions Before Joining Trump Team
Trump, Wednesday night: "Mueller had better not investigate my businesses." Mueller, Thursday morning: "I'm investigating your businesses."
Analysis | Trump has now attacked basically everyone in charge of the Russia investigation
Unravelling President Donald J. Trump’s rumored Russian and NYC mob ties – key players, organizations, and shell companies spin a delicate web of deceit
Trump warns Mueller against investigating his family's finances beyond Russia probe
Deutsche Bank expects subpoenas over Trump-Russia investigation
Special Counsel Investigating Possible Money Laundering by Paul Manafort
Deutsche Bank Is Turning Over Information on Trump
Trump Counterterrorism Adviser Says Russia Did Meddle In US 2016 Presidential Election
Trump's own national security and foreign policy teams are concerned by the breach of protocol in his second meeting with Putin. I guess they're disturbed by the fact that Trump wanted to make sure no other Americans were present.
Analysis | There are no notes on Trump’s meeting with Putin. That’s a big deal.
Trump ends covert CIA program to arm anti-Assad rebels in Syria, a move sought by Moscow
Trump admits that he and Putin discussed "adoptions" in their secret meeting. That's code for sanctions.
Trump had a secret hour-long meeting with Putin at the G-20. No Americans were there, just Putin and his translator.
Confirmed: Mueller is investigating Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting
Russian Anti-Sanctions Campaign Turned to California Congressman Dana Rohrabacher
Did Trump Campaign Collude with Russia to Defeat Republican Opponents in GOP Primary?
Donald Trump Jr. Met Russian Accused of Laundering $1.4 Billion
Special Counsel investigators seeking info from 'eighth man' at Trump Tower meeting
Ike (Irakly) Kaveladze, the "8th man," connected to money laundering according to this Nov. 29, 2000 NYT article.
Eighth person in Trump Tower meeting is identified
Trump Goes All In on the 'Collusion Is Normal' Defense
Trump may have teleconferenced in to the Trump Tower meeting specifically to avoid screening by the Secret Service. That would explain why he was so paranoid about Trump Tower being wiretapped, and why he immediately jumped to false accusations once he believed the call had been monitored.
Russian official says that Trump is close to returning Russia's spy compounds. Trump is selling us out to Putin RIGHT NOW.
Report: NY Prosecutors Issue New Subpoena For Manafort Bank Records
The key to the Trump-Russia scandal? Follow the data
Maybe the secret service did screen the Russian delegation on June 9, 2016.
Could release of surreptitious video of Trump talking to Emin Agalarov in hotel be message from Kremlin that they have good video of hotel happenings (i.e. perhaps same day as "pee tapes")?
U.S. Secret Service rejects suggestion it vetted Trump son's meeting
Trump campaign chair has close ties to Veselnitskaya and Akhmetshin
Nov. 22 2016 puff piece from Forbes on the Kushner data operation...shady in retrospect
Sanctions against Russia prevented the Agalarovs and Trump from collaborating on Trump Tower Moscow. A representative of the Agalarovs was at the Trump Tower meeting. Does anyone seriously believe that the lifting of sanctions was not discussed at the meeting?
Details in Donald Trump Jr.'s emails align with parts of the explosive Trump-Russia dossier
Trump Campaign Paid Don Jr.’s Lawyer $50,000 Two Weeks Before Email Scandal
Has anyone got any sort of time frame for Muellers investigation? When can we expect results?
Soviet Veteran Who Met With Trump Jr. Is a Master of the Dark Arts
PSA: The Russian spy who secretly met with the Trumps, Rinat Akhmetshin, is a GRU specialist in "active measures." What are "active measures?" Fake news, bots, and shills—exactly the type of social media meddling Reddit experienced during the election.
Waking Up to the Trumpian World
Trump Team Met Russian Accused of International Hacking Conspiracy
BREAKING: Natalia Veselnitskaya brought an actual Soviet spy to her meeting with the Trump team
Translator identified in Trump Tower meeting
Fox News is trying to normalize collusion
What Did Republicans Know About the Russia Scandal? America Deserves an Answer.
DO NOT FORGET: When the right says "No one mentioned this whole Russia thing until AFTER the election!" call bullshit. The Russians got what they wanted in July of 2016 which is why they wanted a Republican to win.
Concerning the Cold War and it's relation to the Trump Presidency.
Trump and Emin Agarlarov were recorded talking during his golden weekend in Moscow. "She's open? She's totally open. She's totally open."
Perspective | Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting sure sounds like a Russian intelligence operation.
Veselnitskaya brought with her a plastic folder with printed-out documents that detailed what she believed was the flow of illicit funds to the DNC. And left it with the Trump associates.
Rinat Akhmetshin is/runs Gucifer2.0?
NYT Reporter Adam Goldman: "Will identify the last person at the meeting shortly." Place your bets, everyone!
Peter Smith was one far-right &amp; defensive dude. See his blog entries.
From March 6-16 2015 Vladimir Putin went "missing" from the public eye in Russia with no explanation. On March 17 Donald Trump announced he would run fr president in 2016.
Trump Tower Russia meeting: At least eight people in the room
Opinion | This NBC News scoop is another big blow to the Trump camp’s Russia spin
Donald Trump’s deep connections to dirty Russian money: The trail leads back more than 30 years
Preet Bharara indicts Prevezon for money laundering. Prevezon hires Natalia Veselnitskaya. She contacts the Trumps and promises dirt on Hillary. Trump wins. Trump fires Preet Bharara. The key witness is thrown from a window. The Trump DOJ settles the case. Veselnitskaya got exactly what she wanted.
Trump Changes Tune On Russian Lawyer Meeting: ‘Maybe It Was Mentioned’
This is not a drill: PETER SMITH DID NOT DIE OF NATURAL CAUSES. HE COMMITTED SUICIDE.
The real scandal now is how Team Trump helped Putin conceal his attack on America
Trump’s Russian Laundromat: How to use Trump Tower and other luxury high-rises to clean dirty money, run an international crime syndicate, and propel a failed real estate developer into the White House.
An article from Telegram's "telegra.ph", an anonymous blogging platform.
White House press pool report where Trump admitted he knew about Trump Jr.'s meeting with Russian lawyer.
What the White House is asking people to believe (Chris Hayes twitter thread)
CNN has obtained a tape of Trump palling around with Goldstone and the Agaralovs. There is no fucking way he didn't know about the meeting.
Russia scandal goes well beyond Trump: GOP leaders definitely knew about hacking — did they benefit too?
Trump Jr.’s emails confirm even more of the Steele dossier
WSJ:Russian Officials Overheard Discussing Trump Associates Before Campaign Began
Dems: Why did DOJ dismiss fraud case connected to Russian lawyer?
Russian Oligarch Who Plotted to Aid Trump Was Named in Private Intelligence Dossier
How Trump’s Russian Business Ties Led to Don Jr. Meeting a Kremlin-Linked Lawyer
'Another shoe just dropped': John McCain says more bombshells on Trump and Russia are coming
Breaking : Emails Show Trump Jr. Excited for Russian Offer: 'I love it'
White House Infighting in Overdrive Following Latest Russia Controversy: Reports
Trump-Russia investigators probe Jared Kushner-run digital operation
Today, we have a 1-page concise reply to "But where is the evidence??"
Campaign Opposition Research Is Standard. But Not ‘Oppo’ From Hostile Nations.
Opinion | The Russia meddling story is no longer just smoke. It's fire.
I AM STILL REPORTING: NYT reporter Adam Goldman implies that the Trump Jr. story isn't finished. Anyone want to take bets on what's to come?
In 2000, Al Gore's campaign was anonymously sent a package containing all of Bush's debate prep material. They turned it over to the FBI because they didn't want to be compromised.
The ‘Did They Collude’ Debate Is Over. The Only Question Now Is How Much
Timeline: Everything We Know About Russia and President Trump
Donald Trump Jr.’s Russian Connection Has Ties to Former Kremlin Spies
Rancor at White House as Russia Story Refuses to Let the Page Turn
/r/The_Donald saw its largest membership spike BY FAR three days after the Trump team met with the Kremlin's lawyer at Trump Tower (twice the size of the RNC and election spikes). That was apparently the day the Russians turned on their bot army.
New details emerge on Moscow real estate deal that led to the Trump-Kremlin alliance
Is this the Russian lawyer, Natalia V., sitting next to Trump?
E-mails show that Kaspersky regularly collaborates with the FSB. Time to dump them, everyone: their alarming connections to the Kremlin can no longer be ignored. I wouldn't be surprised if they pass new exploits directly to the GRU.
Analysis | This 2016 Donald Trump Jr. interview about Russia is now downright cringeworthy
BOOM:Russian Government Sought to Aid Trump’s Candidacy, According to Email
Trump's son reportedly was told anti-Hillary info was part of Russian government plan before meeting
Trump's first mention of Hillary's emails was on the same day Trump Jr, Kushner and Manafort met with Russians saying they had damaging Clinton intel. Coincidence?
Donald Trump Jr. Is an Idiot of Towering Proportions
The Steele Dossier - Annotated
Fakenews fox and friends has to retract Comey memo story
Computer Chatter At Trump Tower: Connecting Russia, Trump, Blackwater, DeVos... A Bigly Deal
(Video) Warner: Expect 'much more to come' in Russia probe
If the Trump Campaign Didn't Collude With Russia, It Wasn't for Lack of Trying
Schiff: House Intelligence Committee ‘Will Want to Question’ Trump Jr.
"Democrats are just sour that Trump won so they made this Russialago stuff up out of nowhere" -Trumpists. Meanwhile, me, before the election:
Analysis | Here are the times that Trump allies have denied or obscured links to Russian agents
Smoke Gives Way to Fire in the Trump-Russia Saga
Trump White House Coordinating With White Nationalists To Defend Donald Trump Jr. (our friendly brigaders)
Latest Russia Revelations lay the groundwork for a conspiracy case | WaPo Opinion Piece
Trump son defends meeting Russian 'with Clinton material' - BBC News
YUGE: Trump’s Son Met With Russian Lawyer After Being Promised Damaging Information on Clinton
Do you trust Kaspersky Antivirus? Made in Moscow, Popular in the USA, and Under FBI Investigation
Trump was in Trump Tower during the June 9 meeting. The same day, Politico reported that he and his team was meeting to draft their anti-Clinton charge sheet. Same meeting?
Donald Trump Jr.’s ‘Denials’ of Russian Collusion Are Actually Confessions
U.S. officials say Russian government hackers have penetrated energy and nuclear company business networks
LAW PROFESSOR: The obstruction of justice case against Trump is already a slam dunk
Comey Accuses White House Of 'Lies, Plain And Simple' About His Firing
There Are Many Russia Investigations. What Are They All Doing?
Trump admits that he and Putin discussed "adoptions" in their secret meeting. That's code for sanctions.
Trump had a secret hour-long meeting with Putin at the G-20. No Americans were there, just Putin and his translator.
Confirmed: Mueller is investigating Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting
Russian Anti-Sanctions Campaign Turned to California Congressman Dana Rohrabacher
Did Trump Campaign Collude with Russia to Defeat Republican Opponents in GOP Primary?
Donald Trump Jr. Met Russian Accused of Laundering $1.4 Billion
Special Counsel investigators seeking info from 'eighth man' at Trump Tower meeting
Ike (Irakly) Kaveladze, the "8th man," connected to money laundering according to this Nov. 29, 2000 NYT article.
Eighth person in Trump Tower meeting is identified
Trump Goes All In on the 'Collusion Is Normal' Defense
Trump may have teleconferenced in to the Trump Tower meeting specifically to avoid screening by the Secret Service. That would explain why he was so paranoid about Trump Tower being wiretapped, and why he immediately jumped to false accusations once he believed the call had been monitored.
Russian official says that Trump is close to returning Russia's spy compounds. Trump is selling us out to Putin RIGHT NOW.
Report: NY Prosecutors Issue New Subpoena For Manafort Bank Records
The key to the Trump-Russia scandal? Follow the data
Maybe the secret service did screen the Russian delegation on June 9, 2016.
Could release of surreptitious video of Trump talking to Emin Agalarov in hotel be message from Kremlin that they have good video of hotel happenings (i.e. perhaps same day as "pee tapes")?
U.S. Secret Service rejects suggestion it vetted Trump son's meeting
Trump campaign chair has close ties to Veselnitskaya and Akhmetshin
Nov. 22 2016 puff piece from Forbes on the Kushner data operation...shady in retrospect
Sanctions against Russia prevented the Agalarovs and Trump from collaborating on Trump Tower Moscow. A representative of the Agalarovs was at the Trump Tower meeting. Does anyone seriously believe that the lifting of sanctions was not discussed at the meeting?
Details in Donald Trump Jr.'s emails align with parts of the explosive Trump-Russia dossier
Trump Campaign Paid Don Jr.’s Lawyer $50,000 Two Weeks Before Email Scandal
Has anyone got any sort of time frame for Muellers investigation? When can we expect results?
Soviet Veteran Who Met With Trump Jr. Is a Master of the Dark Arts
PSA: The Russian spy who secretly met with the Trumps, Rinat Akhmetshin, is a GRU specialist in "active measures." What are "active measures?" Fake news, bots, and shills—exactly the type of social media meddling Reddit experienced during the election.
Waking Up to the Trumpian World
Trump Team Met Russian Accused of International Hacking Conspiracy
BREAKING: Natalia Veselnitskaya brought an actual Soviet spy to her meeting with the Trump team
Translator identified in Trump Tower meeting
Fox News is trying to normalize collusion
What Did Republicans Know About the Russia Scandal? America Deserves an Answer.
DO NOT FORGET: When the right says "No one mentioned this whole Russia thing until AFTER the election!" call bullshit. The Russians got what they wanted in July of 2016 which is why they wanted a Republican to win.
Concerning the Cold War and it's relation to the Trump Presidency.
Trump and Emin Agarlarov were recorded talking during his golden weekend in Moscow. "She's open? She's totally open. She's totally open."
Perspective | Trump Jr.'s Russia meeting sure sounds like a Russian intelligence operation.
Veselnitskaya brought with her a plastic folder with printed-out documents that detailed what she believed was the flow of illicit funds to the DNC. And left it with the Trump associates.
Rinat Akhmetshin is/runs Gucifer2.0?
NYT Reporter Adam Goldman: "Will identify the last person at the meeting shortly." Place your bets, everyone!
Peter Smith was one far-right &amp; defensive dude. See his blog entries.
From March 6-16 2015 Vladimir Putin went "missing" from the public eye in Russia with no explanation. On March 17 Donald Trump announced he would run fr president in 2016.
Trump Tower Russia meeting: At least eight people in the room
Opinion | This NBC News scoop is another big blow to the Trump camp’s Russia spin
Donald Trump’s deep connections to dirty Russian money: The trail leads back more than 30 years
Preet Bharara indicts Prevezon for money laundering. Prevezon hires Natalia Veselnitskaya. She contacts the Trumps and promises dirt on Hillary. Trump wins. Trump fires Preet Bharara. The key witness is thrown from a window. The Trump DOJ settles the case. Veselnitskaya got exactly what she wanted.
Trump Changes Tune On Russian Lawyer Meeting: ‘Maybe It Was Mentioned’
This is not a drill: PETER SMITH DID NOT DIE OF NATURAL CAUSES. HE COMMITTED SUICIDE.
The real scandal now is how Team Trump helped Putin conceal his attack on America
Trump’s Russian Laundromat: How to use Trump Tower and other luxury high-rises to clean dirty money, run an international crime syndicate, and propel a failed real estate developer into the White House.
An article from Telegram's "telegra.ph", an anonymous blogging platform.
White House press pool report where Trump admitted he knew about Trump Jr.'s meeting with Russian lawyer.
What the White House is asking people to believe (Chris Hayes twitter thread)
CNN has obtained a tape of Trump palling around with Goldstone and the Agaralovs. There is no fucking way he didn't know about the meeting.
Russia scandal goes well beyond Trump: GOP leaders definitely knew about hacking — did they benefit too?
Trump Jr.’s emails confirm even more of the Steele dossier
WSJ:Russian Officials Overheard Discussing Trump Associates Before Campaign Began
Dems: Why did DOJ dismiss fraud case connected to Russian lawyer?
Russian Oligarch Who Plotted to Aid Trump Was Named in Private Intelligence Dossier
How Trump’s Russian Business Ties Led to Don Jr. Meeting a Kremlin-Linked Lawyer
'Another shoe just dropped': John McCain says more bombshells on Trump and Russia are coming
Breaking : Emails Show Trump Jr. Excited for Russian Offer: 'I love it'
White House Infighting in Overdrive Following Latest Russia Controversy: Reports
Trump-Russia investigators probe Jared Kushner-run digital operation
Today, we have a 1-page concise reply to "But where is the evidence??"
Campaign Opposition Research Is Standard. But Not ‘Oppo’ From Hostile Nations.
Opinion | The Russia meddling story is no longer just smoke. It's fire.
I AM STILL REPORTING: NYT reporter Adam Goldman implies that the Trump Jr. story isn't finished. Anyone want to take bets on what's to come?
In 2000, Al Gore's campaign was anonymously sent a package containing all of Bush's debate prep material. They turned it over to the FBI because they didn't want to be compromised.
The ‘Did They Collude’ Debate Is Over. The Only Question Now Is How Much
Timeline: Everything We Know About Russia and President Trump
Donald Trump Jr.’s Russian Connection Has Ties to Former Kremlin Spies
Rancor at White House as Russia Story Refuses to Let the Page Turn
/r/The_Donald saw its largest membership spike BY FAR three days after the Trump team met with the Kremlin's lawyer at Trump Tower (twice the size of the RNC and election spikes). That was apparently the day the Russians turned on their bot army.
New details emerge on Moscow real estate deal that led to the Trump-Kremlin alliance
Is this the Russian lawyer, Natalia V., sitting next to Trump?
E-mails show that Kaspersky regularly collaborates with the FSB. Time to dump them, everyone: their alarming connections to the Kremlin can no longer be ignored. I wouldn't be surprised if they pass new exploits directly to the GRU.
Analysis | This 2016 Donald Trump Jr. interview about Russia is now downright cringeworthy
BOOM:Russian Government Sought to Aid Trump’s Candidacy, According to Email
Trump's son reportedly was told anti-Hillary info was part of Russian government plan before meeting
Trump's first mention of Hillary's emails was on the same day Trump Jr, Kushner and Manafort met with Russians saying they had damaging Clinton intel. Coincidence?
Donald Trump Jr. Is an Idiot of Towering Proportions
The Steele Dossier - Annotated
Fakenews fox and friends has to retract Comey memo story
Computer Chatter At Trump Tower: Connecting Russia, Trump, Blackwater, DeVos... A Bigly Deal
(Video) Warner: Expect 'much more to come' in Russia probe
If the Trump Campaign Didn't Collude With Russia, It Wasn't for Lack of Trying
Schiff: House Intelligence Committee ‘Will Want to Question’ Trump Jr.
"Democrats are just sour that Trump won so they made this Russialago stuff up out of nowhere" -Trumpists. Meanwhile, me, before the election:
Analysis | Here are the times that Trump allies have denied or obscured links to Russian agents
Smoke Gives Way to Fire in the Trump-Russia Saga
Trump White House Coordinating With White Nationalists To Defend Donald Trump Jr. (our friendly brigaders)
Latest Russia Revelations lay the groundwork for a conspiracy case | WaPo Opinion Piece
Trump son defends meeting Russian 'with Clinton material' - BBC News
YUGE: Trump’s Son Met With Russian Lawyer After Being Promised Damaging Information on Clinton
Do you trust Kaspersky Antivirus? Made in Moscow, Popular in the USA, and Under FBI Investigation
Trump was in Trump Tower during the June 9 meeting. The same day, Politico reported that he and his team was meeting to draft their anti-Clinton charge sheet. Same meeting?
Donald Trump Jr.’s ‘Denials’ of Russian Collusion Are Actually Confessions
U.S. officials say Russian government hackers have penetrated energy and nuclear company business networks
LAW PROFESSOR: The obstruction of justice case against Trump is already a slam dunk
Comey Accuses White House Of 'Lies, Plain And Simple' About His Firing
There Are Many Russia Investigations. What Are They All Doing?
Special Counsel Mueller Lets His Actions Do The Talking: 15 Hires, More to Come
Trump Team admits to having met with the Kremlin's lawyer during campaign. Don Jr. admits to discussing adoption policy, which is related to sanctions.
Nikki Haley Contradicts Trump Line On Russian Election Interference
Trump Caves to Putin: What Trump's meeting with Putin tells us about the future of US-Russian affairs.
Putin Asks Trump "Are these the ones hurting you?" | Trump Putin meet face to face | [00:15]
Donald Trump is Taking Putin's Side on the Election Hacking--Again.
Trump accepts Putin's claims that Russia did not meddle in US election, says Russian foreign minister
Someone is shopping carefully forged documents to the media in an attempt to discredit the Russia-Lago story. There is evidence that it was created by someone with a security clearance. More obstruction by the White House?
Trump Wants Russia to Interfere for Him Again
Trump Misleads on Russian Meddling: Why 17 Intelligence Agencies Don't Need to Agree
Trump’s Russia lies keep on coming — and so do his hollow, hypocritical attacks on Obama
One more friendly back scratch
Trump literally gives Putin a pat on the back
The plausibility of major outlets holding back a major story about Trump?
Report: CNN Has Transcripts of Treasonous Calls Between Trump Campaign &amp; Russia
Further confirmation that Mueller is looking into whether alt-right websites coordinated with the Russians
A somewhat comprehensive analysis of the "sources" of Claude Taylor's reporting
Mueller probe could draw focus to Russian crime operations
Mitch McConnell’s Sinister Role in the Russian Hacks
GOPer who voted for impeachment in 1998: ‘This is much more serious than anything we accused Bill Clinton of’
A quick analysis of the Louise Mensch report that Trump is already under indictment.
Now We Have a Road Map to the Trump Campaign's Collusion With Russia
‘I Got Recruited to Collude With Russians’: Man Admits Role in Trump/Russia Affair
Call for Investigators! June 30 report of secret firm set up by Trump associates to acquire hacked emails
The Time I Got Recruited to Collude with the Russians
Sputnik (Putin's propaganda rag) is opening a radio station in Washington. You can't make this stuff up.
Trump's Russia lawyer faces conflict-of-interest questions over $296m Kushner deal
Bombshell from WSJ: GOP operative connected to Flynn contacted hacker groups for Hillary's e-mails
Why Is Donald Trump Enabling Russian Espionage in America?
Roger Stone set to testify next month in House Russia probe
Fox commentator: Even if Trump colluded with Russia it’s not a crime — just ‘highly inappropriate’
The Russian bank whose boss met with Jared Kushner keeps popping up as the Trump-Putin story unfolds
U.S. officials are trying to curb Donald Trump’s enthusiasm about meeting Vladimir Putin
Trump just accused Obama of colluding and obstructing
Carter Page questioned by FBI in probe of Russian election meddling
Comey's friend Ben Wittes: bombshell to drop soon, possibly tomorrow
Latest Russian Hacking Bombshell: Damning Revelations About GOP, Trump
(Video) WaPost: Putin told hackers to hurt Clinton &amp; help Trump
Trump appears to admit Russia interfered in the US election in a tweet criticizing Obama
The four ways the Russians meddled in the election
Material useful to Russia probe destroyed in US compounds: report
The Trump Obstruction Case Is Gathering Momentum
Washington Post: Vladi­mir Putin’s direct involvement in a cyber campaign to disrupt and discredit the U.S. presidential race.
Vladimir Putin gave direct instructions to help elect Trump, report says
Conaway: Trump tweets don’t satisfy Comey tapes request
Breaking: Hackers successfully altered the voter rolls. This is stolen election territory, folks.
Congress investigating Russian investment fund with ties to Trump officials
Report: Congress Investigating If Trump Team Used Voter Data Stolen By Russia
White House concedes Russia meddled in campaign, but denies it changed the result
Trump is secretly trying to water down sanctions against Russia. No puppet.
Trump floated the possibility of firing Mueller because he thought it would make Mueller focus on exonerating him
Trump's FBI nominee tried to cover up his work for Rosneft and Gazprom. Jesus Christ.
Sheldon Whitehouse thinks that Flynn has flipped and is cooperating with the FBI
Paul Manafort is still in contact with Trump, and they're still trying to lighten the sanctions on Russia
Mueller team lawyer brings witness-flipping expertise to Trump probes
Reddit data gathered by RNC firms in their efforts to target voters
Chris Wallace shreds Trump lawyer for both confirming and denying investigation
Trump's personal lawyer Hit With Ethics Complaints in NY, DC Over White House Advice
Rick Wilson: Steve Bannon is "crapping diamonds" over the Parscale investigation
Mueller hires more than a dozen lawyers for Russia probe, plans to hire more
Trump's personal lawyer hires attorney
White House aides fret over Trump’s Russia probe obsession
Senate Intel Committee to hold public hearing on election meddling
In a Panicky Tweet, President Trump Lies About Rod Rosenstein
Trump confirms he's under investigation, appears to attack own deputy attorney general for being part of 'witch hunt'
Sen. Dick Durbin: We'll be 'at the brink of a constitutional crisis' if Trump fires Mueller
House Russia probe wants to talk to Trump's campaign digital director
Special counsel Mueller also investigating possible ‘money laundering by Trump associates’
Deputy attorney general acknowledges he may need to recuse himself from Russia probe
Official: Russian hackers targeted Dallas voter registration
Trump transition officials ordered to save Russia documents
Report: Sessions Dined With Lobbyist For Russian Corps, Omitted It In Testimony
Timeline to date of the Russia Investigation
Mr. Mueller Is Following the Money
Jeff Sessions Just Admitted That He Violated His Recusal Pledge
Trump being probed for possible obstruction of justice: report
Lobbyist for Russian interests says he attended dinners hosted by Sessions
Even Trump’s Aides Blame Him for Obstruction Probe: ‘President Did This to Himself
Poll: Majority thinks Trump tried to meddle in Russia probe
Pro-Russian Lobbyist Is Lurking Around the White House
Report: President Trump is now under investigation for obstruction of justice
FLASHBACK: Trump urges Russia to hack Clinton's email
McCain To Sessions: ‘I Don’t Recall You’ Being Interested In Russia As A Senator
Sessions: 'Conceivable' I Had 3rd Meeting With Russian Ambassador to U.S.
Photograph places Jeff Sessions, Russian ambassador together at the Mayflower Hotel
Comey's friend says he's turning over Comey's Trump memos to FBI: MSNBC
Russian cyberattack on US electoral systems more widespread than revealed: report
Schiff concerned by Nunes’s role in Russia investigation
Oliver Stone embarrassed himself last night by fawning over Vladimir Putin on Colbert
Why Is Trump Acting So Spooked Over the Russia Investigation?
Rosenstein: Comey could be part of Mueller prob
Mattis on Qatar crisis: Russia 'trying to break' world alliances
Trump’s Personal Lawyer Boasted That He Got Preet Bharara Fired
Israel successfully hacked ISIS computers; Trump leaked it to the Russians, NYT reports
There are reams of evidence pointing to Trump's collusion with Russia
Russia cloud settles in over White House
Donald Trump asked to testify to Senate committee under oath about Russia ties and James Comey
A reminder: Trump has said more negative things about James Comey than he has about Vladimir Putin
Mueller staffing up Russia probe
Jeff Sessions had third undisclosed meeting with Russian officials, Comey reportedly says
Special Counsel Mueller Lets His Actions Do The Talking: 15 Hires, More to Come
Trump Team admits to having met with the Kremlin's lawyer during campaign. Don Jr. admits to discussing adoption policy, which is related to sanctions.
Nikki Haley Contradicts Trump Line On Russian Election Interference
Trump Caves to Putin: What Trump's meeting with Putin tells us about the future of US-Russian affairs.
Putin Asks Trump "Are these the ones hurting you?" | Trump Putin meet face to face | [00:15]
Donald Trump is Taking Putin's Side on the Election Hacking--Again.
Trump accepts Putin's claims that Russia did not meddle in US election, says Russian foreign minister
Someone is shopping carefully forged documents to the media in an attempt to discredit the Russia-Lago story. There is evidence that it was created by someone with a security clearance. More obstruction by the White House?
Trump Wants Russia to Interfere for Him Again
Trump Misleads on Russian Meddling: Why 17 Intelligence Agencies Don't Need to Agree
Trump’s Russia lies keep on coming — and so do his hollow, hypocritical attacks on Obama
One more friendly back scratch
Trump literally gives Putin a pat on the back
The plausibility of major outlets holding back a major story about Trump?
Report: CNN Has Transcripts of Treasonous Calls Between Trump Campaign &amp; Russia
Further confirmation that Mueller is looking into whether alt-right websites coordinated with the Russians
A somewhat comprehensive analysis of the "sources" of Claude Taylor's reporting
Mueller probe could draw focus to Russian crime operations
Mitch McConnell’s Sinister Role in the Russian Hacks
GOPer who voted for impeachment in 1998: ‘This is much more serious than anything we accused Bill Clinton of’
A quick analysis of the Louise Mensch report that Trump is already under indictment.
Now We Have a Road Map to the Trump Campaign's Collusion With Russia
‘I Got Recruited to Collude With Russians’: Man Admits Role in Trump/Russia Affair
Call for Investigators! June 30 report of secret firm set up by Trump associates to acquire hacked emails
The Time I Got Recruited to Collude with the Russians
Sputnik (Putin's propaganda rag) is opening a radio station in Washington. You can't make this stuff up.
Trump's Russia lawyer faces conflict-of-interest questions over $296m Kushner deal
Bombshell from WSJ: GOP operative connected to Flynn contacted hacker groups for Hillary's e-mails
Why Is Donald Trump Enabling Russian Espionage in America?
Roger Stone set to testify next month in House Russia probe
Fox commentator: Even if Trump colluded with Russia it’s not a crime — just ‘highly inappropriate’
The Russian bank whose boss met with Jared Kushner keeps popping up as the Trump-Putin story unfolds
U.S. officials are trying to curb Donald Trump’s enthusiasm about meeting Vladimir Putin
Trump just accused Obama of colluding and obstructing
Carter Page questioned by FBI in probe of Russian election meddling
Comey's friend Ben Wittes: bombshell to drop soon, possibly tomorrow
Latest Russian Hacking Bombshell: Damning Revelations About GOP, Trump
(Video) WaPost: Putin told hackers to hurt Clinton &amp; help Trump
Trump appears to admit Russia interfered in the US election in a tweet criticizing Obama
The four ways the Russians meddled in the election
Material useful to Russia probe destroyed in US compounds: report
The Trump Obstruction Case Is Gathering Momentum
Washington Post: Vladi­mir Putin’s direct involvement in a cyber campaign to disrupt and discredit the U.S. presidential race.
Vladimir Putin gave direct instructions to help elect Trump, report says
Conaway: Trump tweets don’t satisfy Comey tapes request
Breaking: Hackers successfully altered the voter rolls. This is stolen election territory, folks.
Congress investigating Russian investment fund with ties to Trump officials
Report: Congress Investigating If Trump Team Used Voter Data Stolen By Russia
White House concedes Russia meddled in campaign, but denies it changed the result
Trump is secretly trying to water down sanctions against Russia. No puppet.
Trump floated the possibility of firing Mueller because he thought it would make Mueller focus on exonerating him
Trump's FBI nominee tried to cover up his work for Rosneft and Gazprom. Jesus Christ.
Sheldon Whitehouse thinks that Flynn has flipped and is cooperating with the FBI
Paul Manafort is still in contact with Trump, and they're still trying to lighten the sanctions on Russia
Mueller team lawyer brings witness-flipping expertise to Trump probes
Reddit data gathered by RNC firms in their efforts to target voters
Chris Wallace shreds Trump lawyer for both confirming and denying investigation
Trump's personal lawyer Hit With Ethics Complaints in NY, DC Over White House Advice
Rick Wilson: Steve Bannon is "crapping diamonds" over the Parscale investigation
Mueller hires more than a dozen lawyers for Russia probe, plans to hire more
Trump's personal lawyer hires attorney
White House aides fret over Trump’s Russia probe obsession
Senate Intel Committee to hold public hearing on election meddling
In a Panicky Tweet, President Trump Lies About Rod Rosenstein
Trump confirms he's under investigation, appears to attack own deputy attorney general for being part of 'witch hunt'
Sen. Dick Durbin: We'll be 'at the brink of a constitutional crisis' if Trump fires Mueller
House Russia probe wants to talk to Trump's campaign digital director
Special counsel Mueller also investigating possible ‘money laundering by Trump associates’
Deputy attorney general acknowledges he may need to recuse himself from Russia probe
Official: Russian hackers targeted Dallas voter registration
Trump transition officials ordered to save Russia documents
Report: Sessions Dined With Lobbyist For Russian Corps, Omitted It In Testimony
Timeline to date of the Russia Investigation
Mr. Mueller Is Following the Money
Jeff Sessions Just Admitted That He Violated His Recusal Pledge
Trump being probed for possible obstruction of justice: report
Lobbyist for Russian interests says he attended dinners hosted by Sessions
Even Trump’s Aides Blame Him for Obstruction Probe: ‘President Did This to Himself
Poll: Majority thinks Trump tried to meddle in Russia probe
Pro-Russian Lobbyist Is Lurking Around the White House
Report: President Trump is now under investigation for obstruction of justice
FLASHBACK: Trump urges Russia to hack Clinton's email
McCain To Sessions: ‘I Don’t Recall You’ Being Interested In Russia As A Senator
Sessions: 'Conceivable' I Had 3rd Meeting With Russian Ambassador to U.S.
Photograph places Jeff Sessions, Russian ambassador together at the Mayflower Hotel
Comey's friend says he's turning over Comey's Trump memos to FBI: MSNBC
Russian cyberattack on US electoral systems more widespread than revealed: report
Schiff concerned by Nunes’s role in Russia investigation
Oliver Stone embarrassed himself last night by fawning over Vladimir Putin on Colbert
Why Is Trump Acting So Spooked Over the Russia Investigation?
Rosenstein: Comey could be part of Mueller prob
Mattis on Qatar crisis: Russia 'trying to break' world alliances
Trump’s Personal Lawyer Boasted That He Got Preet Bharara Fired
Israel successfully hacked ISIS computers; Trump leaked it to the Russians, NYT reports
There are reams of evidence pointing to Trump's collusion with Russia
Russia cloud settles in over White House
Donald Trump asked to testify to Senate committee under oath about Russia ties and James Comey
A reminder: Trump has said more negative things about James Comey than he has about Vladimir Putin
Mueller staffing up Russia probe
Jeff Sessions had third undisclosed meeting with Russian officials, Comey reportedly says
Comey says Trump told him 'I hope you can let this go' — similar statements have been used to prove obstruction of justice
Watergate prosecutor: Comey testimony started obstruction of justice case
Donald Jr.: My father said he 'hoped' Comey would let go of investigation
House Intelligence Committee sets deadline for Trump to produce taped Comey conversations
Comey testimony: Russian hackers interfered with the 2016 US presidential election
Mueller Enlists Top Criminal Law Expert for Russia Probe
‘No question’ Trump involved in obstruction of justice: Former Watergate prosecutor
Krauthammer: Trump likely now under investigation
Comey's cryptic answer about the infamous Trump dossier makes it look likely it could be verified
Donald Trump Is Trying to Give the Russians Everything They Want. That’s Scarier Than Possible Obstruction.
Jeff Sessions set for grilling on Russia, Comey
Former intel chief: Trump asked me to 'publicly refute the infamous dossier, which I could not and would not do'
Pile of evidence proves Trump committed federal crime in attempt to obstruct FBI investigation
Trump's intelligence officials refuse to deny that Trump asked them to interfere with the Russia investigation
'This is not how a president of the United States behaves': Top senator calls Comey testimony 'disturbing'
Trump Just Hired A Lawyer With Ties to Russia As His New FBI Director
How Seven Trump Associates Have Been Linked to Russia
Trump's Russia scandal is looking a lot more like Watergate
James Comey: President Donald Trump asked me to shut down the Michael Flynn investigation
Comey's dramatic account on Trump rocks Washington
Phishing trip: At least 5 Florida counties baited by Russian election hack
WATCH LIVE: James Comey testifies about Russian interference in U.S. election
White House, allies scramble for ways to counter Comey
Reality Winner got caught because The Intercept didn't remove the printer dots from their scan. Glenn Greenwald has been very critical of the Russia story and of the people leaking to the press: did they burn Reality intentionally?
Rep. Quigley says Russian operatives hacked Illinois elections board last year
White House Looked at Dropping Russia Sanctions Even After Firing Michael Flynn
NSA report suggests Russia might have hacked voting system
What Trump Really Fears - The Atlantic
Top-Secret NSA Report Details Russian Hacking Effort Days Before 2016 Election
I hope that Mueller also investigates Jill Stein. It is almost a complete metaphysical certitude that she was on the Kremlin's take.
Nigel Farage is now a person of interest in the FBI's investigation. This makes me wonder about the extent to which US and UK law enforcement are now collaborating.
Last year, Obama seized the property that Russia was using as its spying headquarters. Last week, the Russian embassy told Trump to return it, or else "counter measures" would be taken. Tonight, Trump returned the property.
James Comey plans to publicly testify that President Donald Trump pressured him to end his investigation into Trump's ties to Russia
Various relevant forms of money laundering: shell-companies and trusts, round-tripping, bank capture, casinos, real estate.
Sources: Russians discussed potentially 'derogatory' information about Trump and associates during campaign
Russia investigation is expanding to include Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen
We Already Know Trump Betrayed America
Former double agent: Jared Kushner is "absolutely" a Russian agent
'This is off the map': Former intelligence officials say the reported Kushner-Russia plan is unlike anything they've ever seen
Former CIA Director: 'Now we know' why Trump officials talking to the Russians may have been 'unmasked'
Kushner met with Russian banker who is Putin 'crony,' spy school grad
Jared Kushner tried to set up a secret communications channel with the Kremlin, and he wanted to use Russian equipment so that it could not be monitored by the American government
Report: Russian oligarch with ties to Paul Manafort wants immunity in exchange for testimony
Breaking: Kushner had undisclosed contacts with the Russian ambassador DURING the campaign
After New Sessions Russia Report, Conyers Calls for Committee Investigation into Sessions Misstatements
Jared Kushner under FBI scrutiny in Russia probe, say officials
Trump Says It's Not Practical to Comply With the Constitution
Florida Republican colluded with Russians to leak stolen Democratic voter turnout data
Claude Taylor: Michael Flynn has entered proffer Process with US Attorney office
Kim Dotcom tried to hack into Seth Rich's email to plant fake evidence. What a scumbag.
AG Sessions did not disclose Russia meetings in security clearance form, DOJ says
Mensch: Mike Flynn has turned on Trump and is talking to the FBI
Trey Gowdy, who leads the House Intelligence Investigation, receiving money from Pro-Trump PACS
Brennan: Russia may have successfully recruited Trump campaign aides
Trump has officially retained a lawyer to help him deal with Russia
Ex-CIA head: Intel showed contacts between Russians and Trump team
Why we allow content from Louise Mensch and Claude Taylor
Ex-CIA director: Trump 'violated 2 protocols' if he shared classified intelligence with Russian diplomats
Trump's casino was a money laundering concern shortly after it opened
Flynn is pleading the 5th. It's happening!
Russia probe broadens to include another former Trump adviser
Why Paul Manafort’s Lucrative Ukraine Years Are Back in the Spotlight
Trump’s Russia Scandal Is Becoming a Corruption Scandal
Somebody Tell Donald Trump—Russia Is Still an Adversary
Top Trump Ally Met With Putin’s Deputy in Moscow
Wikileaks is now spreading anti-Mueller propaganda. They tweeted that Mueller gave "stolen uranium" to the Russians, but the full cable reveals that it was a 10 g sample of a cache seized in a sting operation. It was shared so the Russians could figure out where it came from.
Oh. My. God. David Clarke went to the Kremlin with Michael Flynn in 2015, and even met with the Russian Foreign Minister. Trump wants to make him Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security. The traitors are filling the government.
Two Weeks of Chaos
If you thought there was something suspicious about the Mueller appointment, you were right. The White House is looking to stop him from investigating Manafort and Kushner on the grounds that his firm has represented them in the past. This is open obstruction of justice.
Four sources claim that Jared Kushner is the person of interest in the Russia investigation
Don’t Believe That Pence Was “Out of the Loop”
Sources: White House lawyers research impeachment
Trump-Russia probe now includes possible cover-up, Congress is told
Federal Investigation has tagged a current WH Official as "a person of interest," Trump told Lavrov he fired "nut job" Comey to take off "great pressure" of the Russian investigation.
Pence Denies He Knew Anything About Flynn, Though That Was His Job
Mike Pence is neck-deep in Donald Trump’s James Comey mess
Michael Flynn is now refusing to testify. Pleading the fifth?
House investigators get access to Treasury data on Russia
US spies caught Russian officers bragging about causing chaos in the election 6 months before the vote
Donald Trump campaign repeatedly met with Russia to set up secret communications channel, report reveals
(Video) Castro: If NYT report true, likely Congress will move to impeach
Kevin McCarthy in 2016, pre-Wikileaks: "I think Putin pays Trump"
Dem calls for Trump impeachment on House floor
New guy here... give me evidence, any evidence, that Trump has actually colluded w/ Russia in an illegal way.
Schiff: 'Last thing' Trump needs 'is Putin vouching for him'
Former FBI Director Robert Mueller named as Special counsel in Russia probe
Independent Russia investigation blocked by Republicans, for now
Erick Erickson: Trump's Russia Leak Is 'Far Worse' Than Reported
(FULL) Rep. Al Green (D-TX) calls for Impeachment of President Trump (C-SPAN)
Eleven Democratic Senators Call for Investigation of Jeff Sessions' Role in Comey Firing
First Republicans talk possibility of impeachment for Trump
White House rocked by allegation Trump tried to shut down FBI's Flynn probe
The Trump Presidency Falls Apart
Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation
Senate Intel panel asks Comey to testify publicly
Trump admits leak to Russians hours after his staff denied it happened
Report: Trump “revealed more information to the Russian ambassador than we have shared with our own allies”
Trump defends 'absolute right' to share 'facts' with Russia - BBC News
Donald Trump closely tied to Russian mob, could face racketeering charges, Dutch TV doc claims
Trump no longer wants to talk about secret White House recordings
Comey says Trump told him 'I hope you can let this go' — similar statements have been used to prove obstruction of justice
Watergate prosecutor: Comey testimony started obstruction of justice case
Donald Jr.: My father said he 'hoped' Comey would let go of investigation
House Intelligence Committee sets deadline for Trump to produce taped Comey conversations
Comey testimony: Russian hackers interfered with the 2016 US presidential election
Mueller Enlists Top Criminal Law Expert for Russia Probe
‘No question’ Trump involved in obstruction of justice: Former Watergate prosecutor
Krauthammer: Trump likely now under investigation
Comey's cryptic answer about the infamous Trump dossier makes it look likely it could be verified
Donald Trump Is Trying to Give the Russians Everything They Want. That’s Scarier Than Possible Obstruction.
Jeff Sessions set for grilling on Russia, Comey
Former intel chief: Trump asked me to 'publicly refute the infamous dossier, which I could not and would not do'
Pile of evidence proves Trump committed federal crime in attempt to obstruct FBI investigation
Trump's intelligence officials refuse to deny that Trump asked them to interfere with the Russia investigation
'This is not how a president of the United States behaves': Top senator calls Comey testimony 'disturbing'
Trump Just Hired A Lawyer With Ties to Russia As His New FBI Director
How Seven Trump Associates Have Been Linked to Russia
Trump's Russia scandal is looking a lot more like Watergate
James Comey: President Donald Trump asked me to shut down the Michael Flynn investigation
Comey's dramatic account on Trump rocks Washington
Phishing trip: At least 5 Florida counties baited by Russian election hack
WATCH LIVE: James Comey testifies about Russian interference in U.S. election
White House, allies scramble for ways to counter Comey
Reality Winner got caught because The Intercept didn't remove the printer dots from their scan. Glenn Greenwald has been very critical of the Russia story and of the people leaking to the press: did they burn Reality intentionally?
Rep. Quigley says Russian operatives hacked Illinois elections board last year
White House Looked at Dropping Russia Sanctions Even After Firing Michael Flynn
NSA report suggests Russia might have hacked voting system
What Trump Really Fears - The Atlantic
Top-Secret NSA Report Details Russian Hacking Effort Days Before 2016 Election
I hope that Mueller also investigates Jill Stein. It is almost a complete metaphysical certitude that she was on the Kremlin's take.
Nigel Farage is now a person of interest in the FBI's investigation. This makes me wonder about the extent to which US and UK law enforcement are now collaborating.
Last year, Obama seized the property that Russia was using as its spying headquarters. Last week, the Russian embassy told Trump to return it, or else "counter measures" would be taken. Tonight, Trump returned the property.
James Comey plans to publicly testify that President Donald Trump pressured him to end his investigation into Trump's ties to Russia
Various relevant forms of money laundering: shell-companies and trusts, round-tripping, bank capture, casinos, real estate.
Sources: Russians discussed potentially 'derogatory' information about Trump and associates during campaign
Russia investigation is expanding to include Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen
We Already Know Trump Betrayed America
Former double agent: Jared Kushner is "absolutely" a Russian agent
'This is off the map': Former intelligence officials say the reported Kushner-Russia plan is unlike anything they've ever seen
Former CIA Director: 'Now we know' why Trump officials talking to the Russians may have been 'unmasked'
Kushner met with Russian banker who is Putin 'crony,' spy school grad
Jared Kushner tried to set up a secret communications channel with the Kremlin, and he wanted to use Russian equipment so that it could not be monitored by the American government
Report: Russian oligarch with ties to Paul Manafort wants immunity in exchange for testimony
Breaking: Kushner had undisclosed contacts with the Russian ambassador DURING the campaign
After New Sessions Russia Report, Conyers Calls for Committee Investigation into Sessions Misstatements
Jared Kushner under FBI scrutiny in Russia probe, say officials
Trump Says It's Not Practical to Comply With the Constitution
Florida Republican colluded with Russians to leak stolen Democratic voter turnout data
Claude Taylor: Michael Flynn has entered proffer Process with US Attorney office
Kim Dotcom tried to hack into Seth Rich's email to plant fake evidence. What a scumbag.
AG Sessions did not disclose Russia meetings in security clearance form, DOJ says
Mensch: Mike Flynn has turned on Trump and is talking to the FBI
Trey Gowdy, who leads the House Intelligence Investigation, receiving money from Pro-Trump PACS
Brennan: Russia may have successfully recruited Trump campaign aides
Trump has officially retained a lawyer to help him deal with Russia
Ex-CIA head: Intel showed contacts between Russians and Trump team
Why we allow content from Louise Mensch and Claude Taylor
Ex-CIA director: Trump 'violated 2 protocols' if he shared classified intelligence with Russian diplomats
Trump's casino was a money laundering concern shortly after it opened
Flynn is pleading the 5th. It's happening!
Russia probe broadens to include another former Trump adviser
Why Paul Manafort’s Lucrative Ukraine Years Are Back in the Spotlight
Trump’s Russia Scandal Is Becoming a Corruption Scandal
Somebody Tell Donald Trump—Russia Is Still an Adversary
Top Trump Ally Met With Putin’s Deputy in Moscow
Wikileaks is now spreading anti-Mueller propaganda. They tweeted that Mueller gave "stolen uranium" to the Russians, but the full cable reveals that it was a 10 g sample of a cache seized in a sting operation. It was shared so the Russians could figure out where it came from.
Oh. My. God. David Clarke went to the Kremlin with Michael Flynn in 2015, and even met with the Russian Foreign Minister. Trump wants to make him Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security. The traitors are filling the government.
Two Weeks of Chaos
If you thought there was something suspicious about the Mueller appointment, you were right. The White House is looking to stop him from investigating Manafort and Kushner on the grounds that his firm has represented them in the past. This is open obstruction of justice.
Four sources claim that Jared Kushner is the person of interest in the Russia investigation
Don’t Believe That Pence Was “Out of the Loop”
Sources: White House lawyers research impeachment
Trump-Russia probe now includes possible cover-up, Congress is told
Federal Investigation has tagged a current WH Official as "a person of interest," Trump told Lavrov he fired "nut job" Comey to take off "great pressure" of the Russian investigation.
Pence Denies He Knew Anything About Flynn, Though That Was His Job
Mike Pence is neck-deep in Donald Trump’s James Comey mess
Michael Flynn is now refusing to testify. Pleading the fifth?
House investigators get access to Treasury data on Russia
US spies caught Russian officers bragging about causing chaos in the election 6 months before the vote
Donald Trump campaign repeatedly met with Russia to set up secret communications channel, report reveals
(Video) Castro: If NYT report true, likely Congress will move to impeach
Kevin McCarthy in 2016, pre-Wikileaks: "I think Putin pays Trump"
Dem calls for Trump impeachment on House floor
New guy here... give me evidence, any evidence, that Trump has actually colluded w/ Russia in an illegal way.
Schiff: 'Last thing' Trump needs 'is Putin vouching for him'
Former FBI Director Robert Mueller named as Special counsel in Russia probe
Independent Russia investigation blocked by Republicans, for now
Erick Erickson: Trump's Russia Leak Is 'Far Worse' Than Reported
(FULL) Rep. Al Green (D-TX) calls for Impeachment of President Trump (C-SPAN)
Eleven Democratic Senators Call for Investigation of Jeff Sessions' Role in Comey Firing
First Republicans talk possibility of impeachment for Trump
White House rocked by allegation Trump tried to shut down FBI's Flynn probe
The Trump Presidency Falls Apart
Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation
Senate Intel panel asks Comey to testify publicly
Trump admits leak to Russians hours after his staff denied it happened
Report: Trump “revealed more information to the Russian ambassador than we have shared with our own allies”
Trump defends 'absolute right' to share 'facts' with Russia - BBC News
Donald Trump closely tied to Russian mob, could face racketeering charges, Dutch TV doc claims
Trump no longer wants to talk about secret White House recordings
U.S. officials: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian foreign minister and ambassador
Manafort's Real-Estate Deals Said to Be Probed by N.Y.'s Top Cop
Warner: Senate Intel Committee would 'love' Comey to testify in open hearing
Clapper: US institutions 'under assault' from Trump
Sealed indictment issued against Donald Trump as basis for impeachment
Louise has a hilarious exchange with her lawyer on Twitter regarding her sealed warrant allegation
Trump keeps a digital audio recorder in the Oval Office. There's photos.
Manafort made millions subverting democracy in Europe for Putin. Then, Trump hired him as Putin worked to do the same in America for Trump.
Trump collected at least $100 million from Russian sources since 2008
James Comey agrees to testify in public Senate hearing
Hatch getting security briefings in preparation for presidency?
DOJ subpoenas Manafort's bank records.
Donald Trump threatened James Comey via Twitter. This is not a test
Donald Trump's Legal Team Won a 'Russia Law Firm of The Year' Award
Trump has now admitted he fired Comey because of the Russia investigation
Clint Watts Explains What He Means By 'Follow The Trail Of Dead Russians'
Investigative journalist uncovers ties between FBI-raided firm and Trump's former campaign manager
Trump's intel bosses reiterate: Russia meddled in election
Russia probe: Senate requests Trump documents from agency that monitors money laundering
Comey never told Trump he wasn't under investigation
Breaking: FBI confirms agents are executing a search warrant at an office of a GOP fundraiser/consulting firm in Annapolis
FBI to continue Trump-Russia probe but will not update White House
Jim Comey's Farewell LetterTo The FBI
Senator Ed Markey: A grand jury has been empaneled in New York (at 1:50)
Grand jury issues subpoenas to Michael Flynn's associates
Comey was trying to expand the Russia investigation when he was fired
This is not a drill: Trump is lawyering up!
Lawmakers call for independent Trump-Russia probe, question firing of FBI director
Claude Taylor: Nine sealed indictments have come down in one case, sixteen are expected in the other
Clapper confirmed yesterday that there wasn't an investigation into Trump's business ties to Russia as of last winter, but there is one now
Trump fires FBI Director James Comey
Barack Obama 'personally warned Donald Trump not to hire Michael Flynn'
Trump advisers had ‘sensitive’ contacts with Russian agents for months, Clapper testifies
"Sally Yates just threw the White House under the bus" - notes on Yates' testimony.
FLASHBACK: A Politico article from May/June 2016 - "How Donald Trump Became the Kremlin’s Candidate"
NBC: Flynn never completed CIA background check for Trump White House job
Sally Yates to testify about her discussions with the White House on Russia
Live: Sally Yates testifies before Senate subcommittee investigating Russia ties to the election
Carter Page explains why he won't cooperate in nine page rant sent to the Senate Intelligence committee yesterday
CNN's comprehensive compendium of the Trump campaign's many links to Russia
The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijacked
Rep. Adam Schiff Lays Out Evidence For Russian Involvement In Presidential Election.
Eric Trump told a journalist in 2014 that all of Trump's funding comes from Russia
Emmanuel Macron email leaks 'linked to Russian-backed hackers who attacked Democratic National Committee'
Carter Page is no longer cooperating with the investigators
Did the Trump campaign collude with Russia? Follow the money
“Assessing Russian Activities and Intention in Recent US Elections” - Intelligence community assessment on Russian attempts to aid Trump.
A RICO case was filed in New York on April 17. It doesn't have a case name and has a generic 28:1332 Cause of Action, which means that its defendants have multiple citizenships. Is this the RICO case Claude Taylor said Trump would be indicted under (for laundering Russian money)?
Senate Asks Trump Associates for Records of Communication With Russians
Claude Taylor is reporting that the FBI has targeted between 28 and 42 individuals associated with the Trump campaign
FBI Director Testifies before Senate Judiciary Committee (full length)
Livestream of the Comey hearing from PBS Newshour
FBI Director Comey, NSA Director Rogers will testify about Russia on Thursday
2 grand juries 2 cases: RICO and FARA
Trump Russia Scandal: Russia May Soon Control U.S. Oil Company That Gave Big Bucks To Trump
The House investigation may finally be back on track, now that Nunes is no longer running interference
Flynn was warned in 2014 to not take foreign money, took money from Putin in 2015, and lied about it. That's what we call kompromat.
It's not a big mystery why Jason Chaffetz is quitting Congress
Is George Takei a RussiaLago subscriber?
Donald Trump's former adviser Michael Flynn under investigation from Pentagon amid FBI probe
Carl Bernstein: The FBI believes there's a cover-up
FBI Director James Comey set to testify before Senate judiciary committee
The Investigations Into Russia and the Trump Campaign Aren't Dying Down
Jason Chaffetz: Michael Flynn broke the law by not disclosing payments from RT
Flynn’s Turkish lobbying linked to Russia
Senate Russia investigation to add 2 more staffers after pace criticized
Senate investigation into Russia scandal faces GOP resistance
73% of Americans want independent probe of Russian election meddling
Carl Bernstein: 'Serious belief' in FBI and Congress that there is an 'active cover-up' on Russia
Carter Page refuses to say that he was unaware of Russian attempts to use him to infiltrate the Trump campaign
House Intel Panel ‘Back On Track’: Yates, Brennan, Clapper Asked To Testify
House intel panel invites former acting AG Sally Yates to testify
Russian operatives used Trump advisers to infiltrate the Trump campaign
Officials: Roger Stone convinced Trump to hire Manafort
The FBI has been tracking Carter Page for four years
U.S. preparing to charge Julian Assange
Last week, Louise Mensch said that her sources claimed that there was kompromat on Jason Chaffetz. This week, he announces that he's not running for re-election. Coincidence?
Leader Of Justice Department National Security Division On The Way Out
Putin-linked think tank drew up plan to sway 2016 U.S. election
Carter Page admits that he met with a Rosneft executive in Moscow, confirming another dossier claim
U.S. officials have obtained multiple Kremlin documents describing their plan to help Trump win the election
We just got a huge sign that the US intelligence community believes the Trump dossier is legitimate
Source: the White House ordered the intelligence committee to "find something that justifies the President’s crazy tweet about surveillance at Trump Tower."
Chaffetz won his seat by 47% just last year. something's up.
Trump Has Deep Links to Organized Crime: Federal Investigators Know It and the Public Is Catching Up
BI used dossier allegations to bolster Trump-Russia investigation
Louise Mensch: Sources say that Carter Page went to Moscow with a pre-recorded tape of Donald Trump offering to change American policy if he were to be elected, to make it more favorable to Putin
The Russia story just keeps getting worse for President Trump
Ex-Trump Campaign Adviser Carter Page's Accounts Of Russia Ties Keep Shifting
British spies were first to spot Trump team's links with Russia
Evidence Is Building That the Trump Campaign Colluded With Russia
Former MI6 chief Richard Dearlove says Donald Trump borrowed money from Russia during 2008 financial crisis
Former Trump adviser Carter Page held 'strong pro-Kremlin views', says ex-boss
Congressman Investigating Trump Goes to Russia's Money Laundromat, Cyprus
British intelligence passed Trump associates' communications with Russians on to US counterparts
'Concrete evidence of collusion between Trump team and Russia' handed to official investigation
GCHQ 'told US security services about meetings between Donald Trump's team and Russia'
British spies were first to spot Trump team's links with Russia.
Trump's campaign manager was officially a foreign agent
AP has confirmed that Paul Manafort received illegal payments detailed in Black Ledger from pro-Putin political party
U.S. officials: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian foreign minister and ambassador
Manafort's Real-Estate Deals Said to Be Probed by N.Y.'s Top Cop
Warner: Senate Intel Committee would 'love' Comey to testify in open hearing
Clapper: US institutions 'under assault' from Trump
Sealed indictment issued against Donald Trump as basis for impeachment
Louise has a hilarious exchange with her lawyer on Twitter regarding her sealed warrant allegation
Trump keeps a digital audio recorder in the Oval Office. There's photos.
Manafort made millions subverting democracy in Europe for Putin. Then, Trump hired him as Putin worked to do the same in America for Trump.
Trump collected at least $100 million from Russian sources since 2008
James Comey agrees to testify in public Senate hearing
Hatch getting security briefings in preparation for presidency?
DOJ subpoenas Manafort's bank records.
Donald Trump threatened James Comey via Twitter. This is not a test
Donald Trump's Legal Team Won a 'Russia Law Firm of The Year' Award
Trump has now admitted he fired Comey because of the Russia investigation
Clint Watts Explains What He Means By 'Follow The Trail Of Dead Russians'
Investigative journalist uncovers ties between FBI-raided firm and Trump's former campaign manager
Trump's intel bosses reiterate: Russia meddled in election
Russia probe: Senate requests Trump documents from agency that monitors money laundering
Comey never told Trump he wasn't under investigation
Breaking: FBI confirms agents are executing a search warrant at an office of a GOP fundraiser/consulting firm in Annapolis
FBI to continue Trump-Russia probe but will not update White House
Jim Comey's Farewell LetterTo The FBI
Senator Ed Markey: A grand jury has been empaneled in New York (at 1:50)
Grand jury issues subpoenas to Michael Flynn's associates
Comey was trying to expand the Russia investigation when he was fired
This is not a drill: Trump is lawyering up!
Lawmakers call for independent Trump-Russia probe, question firing of FBI director
Claude Taylor: Nine sealed indictments have come down in one case, sixteen are expected in the other
Clapper confirmed yesterday that there wasn't an investigation into Trump's business ties to Russia as of last winter, but there is one now
Trump fires FBI Director James Comey
Barack Obama 'personally warned Donald Trump not to hire Michael Flynn'
Trump advisers had ‘sensitive’ contacts with Russian agents for months, Clapper testifies
"Sally Yates just threw the White House under the bus" - notes on Yates' testimony.
FLASHBACK: A Politico article from May/June 2016 - "How Donald Trump Became the Kremlin’s Candidate"
NBC: Flynn never completed CIA background check for Trump White House job
Sally Yates to testify about her discussions with the White House on Russia
Live: Sally Yates testifies before Senate subcommittee investigating Russia ties to the election
Carter Page explains why he won't cooperate in nine page rant sent to the Senate Intelligence committee yesterday
CNN's comprehensive compendium of the Trump campaign's many links to Russia
The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijacked
Rep. Adam Schiff Lays Out Evidence For Russian Involvement In Presidential Election.
Eric Trump told a journalist in 2014 that all of Trump's funding comes from Russia
Emmanuel Macron email leaks 'linked to Russian-backed hackers who attacked Democratic National Committee'
Carter Page is no longer cooperating with the investigators
Did the Trump campaign collude with Russia? Follow the money
“Assessing Russian Activities and Intention in Recent US Elections” - Intelligence community assessment on Russian attempts to aid Trump.
A RICO case was filed in New York on April 17. It doesn't have a case name and has a generic 28:1332 Cause of Action, which means that its defendants have multiple citizenships. Is this the RICO case Claude Taylor said Trump would be indicted under (for laundering Russian money)?
Senate Asks Trump Associates for Records of Communication With Russians
Claude Taylor is reporting that the FBI has targeted between 28 and 42 individuals associated with the Trump campaign
FBI Director Testifies before Senate Judiciary Committee (full length)
Livestream of the Comey hearing from PBS Newshour
FBI Director Comey, NSA Director Rogers will testify about Russia on Thursday
2 grand juries 2 cases: RICO and FARA
Trump Russia Scandal: Russia May Soon Control U.S. Oil Company That Gave Big Bucks To Trump
The House investigation may finally be back on track, now that Nunes is no longer running interference
Flynn was warned in 2014 to not take foreign money, took money from Putin in 2015, and lied about it. That's what we call kompromat.
It's not a big mystery why Jason Chaffetz is quitting Congress
Is George Takei a RussiaLago subscriber?
Donald Trump's former adviser Michael Flynn under investigation from Pentagon amid FBI probe
Carl Bernstein: The FBI believes there's a cover-up
FBI Director James Comey set to testify before Senate judiciary committee
The Investigations Into Russia and the Trump Campaign Aren't Dying Down
Jason Chaffetz: Michael Flynn broke the law by not disclosing payments from RT
Flynn’s Turkish lobbying linked to Russia
Senate Russia investigation to add 2 more staffers after pace criticized
Senate investigation into Russia scandal faces GOP resistance
73% of Americans want independent probe of Russian election meddling
Carl Bernstein: 'Serious belief' in FBI and Congress that there is an 'active cover-up' on Russia
Carter Page refuses to say that he was unaware of Russian attempts to use him to infiltrate the Trump campaign
House Intel Panel ‘Back On Track’: Yates, Brennan, Clapper Asked To Testify
House intel panel invites former acting AG Sally Yates to testify
Russian operatives used Trump advisers to infiltrate the Trump campaign
Officials: Roger Stone convinced Trump to hire Manafort
The FBI has been tracking Carter Page for four years
U.S. preparing to charge Julian Assange
Last week, Louise Mensch said that her sources claimed that there was kompromat on Jason Chaffetz. This week, he announces that he's not running for re-election. Coincidence?
Leader Of Justice Department National Security Division On The Way Out
Putin-linked think tank drew up plan to sway 2016 U.S. election
Carter Page admits that he met with a Rosneft executive in Moscow, confirming another dossier claim
U.S. officials have obtained multiple Kremlin documents describing their plan to help Trump win the election
We just got a huge sign that the US intelligence community believes the Trump dossier is legitimate
Source: the White House ordered the intelligence committee to "find something that justifies the President’s crazy tweet about surveillance at Trump Tower."
Chaffetz won his seat by 47% just last year. something's up.
Trump Has Deep Links to Organized Crime: Federal Investigators Know It and the Public Is Catching Up
BI used dossier allegations to bolster Trump-Russia investigation
Louise Mensch: Sources say that Carter Page went to Moscow with a pre-recorded tape of Donald Trump offering to change American policy if he were to be elected, to make it more favorable to Putin
The Russia story just keeps getting worse for President Trump
Ex-Trump Campaign Adviser Carter Page's Accounts Of Russia Ties Keep Shifting
British spies were first to spot Trump team's links with Russia
Evidence Is Building That the Trump Campaign Colluded With Russia
Former MI6 chief Richard Dearlove says Donald Trump borrowed money from Russia during 2008 financial crisis
Former Trump adviser Carter Page held 'strong pro-Kremlin views', says ex-boss
Congressman Investigating Trump Goes to Russia's Money Laundromat, Cyprus
British intelligence passed Trump associates' communications with Russians on to US counterparts
'Concrete evidence of collusion between Trump team and Russia' handed to official investigation
GCHQ 'told US security services about meetings between Donald Trump's team and Russia'
British spies were first to spot Trump team's links with Russia.
Trump's campaign manager was officially a foreign agent
AP has confirmed that Paul Manafort received illegal payments detailed in Black Ledger from pro-Putin political party
FBI obtained court order to monitor ex-Trump adviser in Russia probe - Washington Post
Eric Trump: "If there was anything that [the strike on] Syria did, it was to validate the fact that there is no Russia tie." There you have it, folks.
US election 'hacking': Russian man arrested in Spain at request of American authorities
Breaking: Russia knew in advance about Syrian chemical attack. Planned distraction to help Trump?
Interesting thread retweeted by Louise Mensch
Step 1: Russia orchestrates chemical attack. Step 2: Trump warns the Russians to leave airbase. Step 3: Trump fires missiles at empty airbase. Step 4: Phony chest-thumping between Trump and Putin. Step 5: Peace deal reached, Assad stays, sanctions are lifted on Russia, and kompromat stays hidden.
Betsy DeVos' brother reportedly held a secret meeting to connect Trump with Russia before inauguration
Kushner Omitted Meeting With Russians on Security Clearance Forms
C.I.A. Had Evidence of Russian Effort to Help Trump Earlier Than Believed
Devin Nunes Steps Aside; Ethics Committee Investigating for Spilling Secrets
An ethics complaint is apparently what drove Devin Nunes to finally step aside from the Trump-Russia probe
Nunes steps aside from Russia probe
Bannon is off the National Security Council! Is a major story about him about to drop?
Schiff: Trump promised documents, but WH staff is fighting release
Schiff: Intel panel will ask Carter Page to testify
Schiff: White House 'Selectively' Helped Get Intel Reports To Nunes
The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee says unmasking is 'lawful' in intelligence reports
Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel
FBI Turns Up the Heat on Russian Election Hacking Investigation
Carter Page admits that the Russians tried to recruit him as a spy, but denies that it went further. Sure.
FBI plans to create special unit to co-ordinate Russia probe
Devin Nunes is incapable of investigating the Russian threat to our democracy | Opinion
A Former Trump Adviser [Carter Page] Met With A Russian Spy
The FBI is investigating whether the Trump campaign assisted Russia in hacking the DNC in early 2016
Too good to be true? Michael Flynn’s offer of testimony for immunity sends up a lot of red flags
If the White House spied on the FBI, there's a problem
Flynn and Nunes fallout grows ominous for Trump White House
I think that Flynn's immunity offer is a diversion
Flynn offers to testify on Russia for immunity: report
Russia hired 1,000 people to create anti-Clinton 'fake news' in key US states during election, Trump-Russia hearings leader reveals
Schiff: Did White House seek to launder evidence through Nunes?
Trump intervened to halt the transfer of a White House aide who later provided Devin Nunes with classified intelligence
Report: The FBI is using the explosive Trump-Russia dossier as a 'roadmap' for its investigation
2 White House officials helped Nunes get intel: report
One of the individuals who gave Nunes the intelligence reports, Cohen-Watnick, was hand-picked by Michael Flynn. Trump personally overruled Cohen-Watnick's firing by McMaster. If Trump told Cohen-Watnick to share those documents, he's potentially looking at an obstruction of justice charge.
Live coverage: Senate intel holds first public Russia hearing
The Senate Intelligence Committee heard testimony from several witness on Russian interference in the 2016 election
Senate Investigators: ‘We Will Get the Facts on Trump’s Russia Ties’
Another claim in the Steele dossier has been verified
Senate Intelligence Committee to start Russia probe interviews next week
Former Attorney General Sally Yates Says White House Tried Limiting Her Russia Testimony
Schiff calls out Nunes as tensions escalate over House Russia probe
FBI Director James Comey tried to reveal Russian tampering months before election
White House shut down Trump-Russia hearings to stop Sally Yates giving key testimony, ex-CIA official says
Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters
Devin Nunes Could Be Facing an Ethics Probe for Spilling Secrets
GOP lawmaker: Senate should take lead on Congress’s Russia investigation
Trump's Spokesman Says the Case Is Closed on Russia. It's Not
Breaking: Paul Manafort made several real estate purchases in New York using the same strategy that Russian oligarchs employ to launder money. One of these purchases was his $10 million apartment in Trump Tower.
House Intelligence panel probe into Russian meddling in U.S. election appears frozen
First GOP lawmaker calls for Nunes to recuse himself
NBC News has learned that Manafort's bank in Cyprus began investigating him for money laundering, and in response he closed his accounts. Story dovetails nicely with this morning's report that his real estate purchases look a lot like laundering.
House intel panel chief Nunes says he will not divulge his sources
The Domestic Conspiracy That Gave Trump The Election Is In Plain Sight
Jared Kushner had undisclosed meeting with head of Russian bank under sanctions
House intel chairman met source on White House grounds
Trump-Russia links investigation in turmoil after Republican intelligence committee chief's ‘peculiar midnight run’
Senate Committee to Question Jared Kushner Over Meetings With Russians
Will the Senate Save the Russia Probe?
Cross-posted from /r/answers: [SERIOUS] What happens if it is revealed that the Trump Campaign colluded with Russia to swing the election in their favor?
A timeline of events that unfolded during the election appears to support the FBI's investigation into Trump-Russia collusion
The critical questions on Russia
Harvard Professor Juliette Kayyem: "From my sources and what has been openly reported, it increasingly looks like Flynn may have a deal with the FBI."
Adam Schiff slams intel chair Devin Nunes for caving to White House and canceling key Russia hearing
On Monday, Devin Nunes railed against leaks. On Wednesday, he leaked classified information because he thought it described something nefarious. On Thursday, he spent the day apologizing because he found out he was wrong. On Friday, he finds himself the possible target of a prosecution. One week.
FBI chief Comey spotted entering White House
FBI have uncovered 'evidence of treason' among alt-right websites, says George W Bush's ethics lawyer
This Week in Trump: The Russia Connection Gets Clearer
Why whoever showed Nunes the FISA intelligence yesterday may have been trying to trap him
FBI is investigating whether Trump's campaign coordinated with the Russians. Scandal seems to be accelerating...
3 things Paul Manafort said about his connections to Russia that are very awkward right now
Schiff: There is now 'more than circumstantial evidence' of Trump-Russia collusion
Manafort’s Ukrainian ‘blood money’ caused qualms, hack suggests
Former Trump campaign chairman Manafort's plan to 'greatly benefit the Putin Government'
Ukrainian officials have found proof that Manafort laundered money from the pro-Putin party
Network of wealthy Russians has sunk $100m into Donald Trump's luxury developments
Why the Trump-Russia Nightmare Will Only Get Worse
Russian mafia boss still at large after FBI wiretap at Trump Tower.
Who will be the weak link? Will it be Manafort, Page, or Flynn?
All of Trump’s Ties to Russia, in 7 Charts
Trump's lawyer has told 4 different stories about the Russia-Ukraine 'peace plan' debacle
The Crook Behind the Trump-Russia ‘Peace’ Plan
No evidence of Trump-Russia collusion, Flynn leak is ‘one crime we know of’ – Nunes
RussiaGate Timeline, 1987-Present
Comey will testify publicly on Russia investigation next week
FBI obtained court order to monitor ex-Trump adviser in Russia probe - Washington Post
Eric Trump: "If there was anything that [the strike on] Syria did, it was to validate the fact that there is no Russia tie." There you have it, folks.
US election 'hacking': Russian man arrested in Spain at request of American authorities
Breaking: Russia knew in advance about Syrian chemical attack. Planned distraction to help Trump?
Interesting thread retweeted by Louise Mensch
Step 1: Russia orchestrates chemical attack. Step 2: Trump warns the Russians to leave airbase. Step 3: Trump fires missiles at empty airbase. Step 4: Phony chest-thumping between Trump and Putin. Step 5: Peace deal reached, Assad stays, sanctions are lifted on Russia, and kompromat stays hidden.
Betsy DeVos' brother reportedly held a secret meeting to connect Trump with Russia before inauguration
Kushner Omitted Meeting With Russians on Security Clearance Forms
C.I.A. Had Evidence of Russian Effort to Help Trump Earlier Than Believed
Devin Nunes Steps Aside; Ethics Committee Investigating for Spilling Secrets
An ethics complaint is apparently what drove Devin Nunes to finally step aside from the Trump-Russia probe
Nunes steps aside from Russia probe
Bannon is off the National Security Council! Is a major story about him about to drop?
Schiff: Trump promised documents, but WH staff is fighting release
Schiff: Intel panel will ask Carter Page to testify
Schiff: White House 'Selectively' Helped Get Intel Reports To Nunes
The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee says unmasking is 'lawful' in intelligence reports
Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel
FBI Turns Up the Heat on Russian Election Hacking Investigation
Carter Page admits that the Russians tried to recruit him as a spy, but denies that it went further. Sure.
FBI plans to create special unit to co-ordinate Russia probe
Devin Nunes is incapable of investigating the Russian threat to our democracy | Opinion
A Former Trump Adviser [Carter Page] Met With A Russian Spy
The FBI is investigating whether the Trump campaign assisted Russia in hacking the DNC in early 2016
Too good to be true? Michael Flynn’s offer of testimony for immunity sends up a lot of red flags
If the White House spied on the FBI, there's a problem
Flynn and Nunes fallout grows ominous for Trump White House
I think that Flynn's immunity offer is a diversion
Flynn offers to testify on Russia for immunity: report
Russia hired 1,000 people to create anti-Clinton 'fake news' in key US states during election, Trump-Russia hearings leader reveals
Schiff: Did White House seek to launder evidence through Nunes?
Trump intervened to halt the transfer of a White House aide who later provided Devin Nunes with classified intelligence
Report: The FBI is using the explosive Trump-Russia dossier as a 'roadmap' for its investigation
2 White House officials helped Nunes get intel: report
One of the individuals who gave Nunes the intelligence reports, Cohen-Watnick, was hand-picked by Michael Flynn. Trump personally overruled Cohen-Watnick's firing by McMaster. If Trump told Cohen-Watnick to share those documents, he's potentially looking at an obstruction of justice charge.
Live coverage: Senate intel holds first public Russia hearing
The Senate Intelligence Committee heard testimony from several witness on Russian interference in the 2016 election
Senate Investigators: ‘We Will Get the Facts on Trump’s Russia Ties’
Another claim in the Steele dossier has been verified
Senate Intelligence Committee to start Russia probe interviews next week
Former Attorney General Sally Yates Says White House Tried Limiting Her Russia Testimony
Schiff calls out Nunes as tensions escalate over House Russia probe
FBI Director James Comey tried to reveal Russian tampering months before election
White House shut down Trump-Russia hearings to stop Sally Yates giving key testimony, ex-CIA official says
Trump's business network reached alleged Russian mobsters
Devin Nunes Could Be Facing an Ethics Probe for Spilling Secrets
GOP lawmaker: Senate should take lead on Congress’s Russia investigation
Trump's Spokesman Says the Case Is Closed on Russia. It's Not
Breaking: Paul Manafort made several real estate purchases in New York using the same strategy that Russian oligarchs employ to launder money. One of these purchases was his $10 million apartment in Trump Tower.
House Intelligence panel probe into Russian meddling in U.S. election appears frozen
First GOP lawmaker calls for Nunes to recuse himself
NBC News has learned that Manafort's bank in Cyprus began investigating him for money laundering, and in response he closed his accounts. Story dovetails nicely with this morning's report that his real estate purchases look a lot like laundering.
House intel panel chief Nunes says he will not divulge his sources
The Domestic Conspiracy That Gave Trump The Election Is In Plain Sight
Jared Kushner had undisclosed meeting with head of Russian bank under sanctions
House intel chairman met source on White House grounds
Trump-Russia links investigation in turmoil after Republican intelligence committee chief's ‘peculiar midnight run’
Senate Committee to Question Jared Kushner Over Meetings With Russians
Will the Senate Save the Russia Probe?
Cross-posted from /r/answers: [SERIOUS] What happens if it is revealed that the Trump Campaign colluded with Russia to swing the election in their favor?
A timeline of events that unfolded during the election appears to support the FBI's investigation into Trump-Russia collusion
The critical questions on Russia
Harvard Professor Juliette Kayyem: "From my sources and what has been openly reported, it increasingly looks like Flynn may have a deal with the FBI."
Adam Schiff slams intel chair Devin Nunes for caving to White House and canceling key Russia hearing
On Monday, Devin Nunes railed against leaks. On Wednesday, he leaked classified information because he thought it described something nefarious. On Thursday, he spent the day apologizing because he found out he was wrong. On Friday, he finds himself the possible target of a prosecution. One week.
FBI chief Comey spotted entering White House
FBI have uncovered 'evidence of treason' among alt-right websites, says George W Bush's ethics lawyer
This Week in Trump: The Russia Connection Gets Clearer
Why whoever showed Nunes the FISA intelligence yesterday may have been trying to trap him
FBI is investigating whether Trump's campaign coordinated with the Russians. Scandal seems to be accelerating...
3 things Paul Manafort said about his connections to Russia that are very awkward right now
Schiff: There is now 'more than circumstantial evidence' of Trump-Russia collusion
Manafort’s Ukrainian ‘blood money’ caused qualms, hack suggests
Former Trump campaign chairman Manafort's plan to 'greatly benefit the Putin Government'
Ukrainian officials have found proof that Manafort laundered money from the pro-Putin party
Network of wealthy Russians has sunk $100m into Donald Trump's luxury developments
Why the Trump-Russia Nightmare Will Only Get Worse
Russian mafia boss still at large after FBI wiretap at Trump Tower.
Who will be the weak link? Will it be Manafort, Page, or Flynn?
All of Trump’s Ties to Russia, in 7 Charts
Trump's lawyer has told 4 different stories about the Russia-Ukraine 'peace plan' debacle
The Crook Behind the Trump-Russia ‘Peace’ Plan
No evidence of Trump-Russia collusion, Flynn leak is ‘one crime we know of’ – Nunes
RussiaGate Timeline, 1987-Present
Comey will testify publicly on Russia investigation next week
